Android activity manager.
More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb#am>.
Start a specific activity
Start an activity and pass data to it
Start an activity matching a specific action and [c]ategory
Convert an intent to a URI
More information: <https://cs.android.com/android/platform/superproject/+/master:frameworks/native/cmds/bugreport>.
Display a complete bug report of an Android device
More information: <https://cs.android.com/android/platform/superproject/+/master:frameworks/native/cmds/bugreportz>.
Generate a complete zipped bug report of an Android device
Show the progress of a running `bugreportz` operation
Show the version of `bugreportz`
Display help
Android service manager.
More information: <https://cs.android.com/android/platform/superproject/+/master:frameworks/native/cmds/cmd/>.
list all running services
Call a specific service
Call a service with specific arguments
Android Java virtual machine.
More information: <https://source.android.com/devices/tech/dalvik>.
Start a specific Java program
More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/dumpsys>.
Get diagnostic output for all system services
Get diagnostic output for a specific system service
List all services `dumpsys` can give information about
List service-specific arguments for a service
Specify a timeout period in seconds (defaults to 10s)
Show information about Android system properties.
More information: <https://manned.org/getprop>.
Display information about Android system properties
More information: <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/KeyEvent.html#constants_1>.
Send an event code for a single character to an Android device
Send a text to an Android device (`%s` represents spaces)
Send a single tap to an Android device
Dump a log of system messages, including stack traces when an error occurred, and information messages logged by applications.
More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/logcat>.
Display system logs
Write system logs to a file
Display lines that match a regular expression
Package management utility for Termux.
More information: <https://wiki.termux.com/wiki/Package_Management>.
Upgrade all installed packages
Install a package
Uninstall a package
Reinstall a package
Search for a package
Display information about apps on an Android device.
More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb#pm>.
List all installed apps
List all installed system apps
List all installed 3rd-Party apps
List apps matching specific keywords
Display a path of the APK of a specific app
More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb#screencap>.
Take a screenshot
Get information about the Android OS.
More information: <https://adbinstaller.com/commands/adb-shell-settings-5b670d5ee7958178a2955536>.
Display a list of settings in the `global` namespace
Get a value of a specific setting
Set a specific value of a setting
Delete a specific setting
More information: <https://adbinstaller.com/commands/adb-shell-wm-5b672b17e7958178a2955538>.
More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-cherry-pick>.
Apply a commit to the current branch
Apply a range of commits to the current branch (see also `git rebase --onto`)
Apply multiple (non-sequential) commits to the current branch
More information: <https://manpages.debian.org/latest/apt/apt.8.html>.
Update the list of available packages and versions (it's recommended to run this before other `apt` commands)
Search for a given package
Show information for a package
Install a package, or update it to the latest available version
Remove a package (using `purge` instead also removes its configuration files)
Upgrade all installed packages to their newest available versions
List all packages
List installed packages
More information: <https://manned.org/snap>.
Search for a package
Install a package
Update a package
Update a package to another channel (track, risk, or branch)
Update all packages
Display basic information about installed snap software
Uninstall a package
Check for recent snap changes in the system
Copy files and directories.
More information: <https://ss64.com/osx/ditto.html>.
Overwrite contents of destination directory with contents of source directory
Print a line to the Terminal window for every file that's being copied
Copy a given file or directory, while retaining the original file permissions
Network packet sniffer.
SunOS equivalent of tcpdump.<https://www.unix.com/man-page/sunos/1m/snoop>.
Capture packets on a specific network interface
Save captured packets in a file instead of displaying them
Display verbose protocol layer summary of packets from a file
Capture network packets that come from a hostname and go to a given port
Capture and show a hex-dump of network packets exchanged between two IP addresses
Display the current working directory or move to a different directory.
More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/cd>.
Display the path of the current directory
Go up to the parent of the current directory
Go to a specific directory in the same drive
""If you explain the the definition of L.Robinson then you will found that life of human being are depend on main three character such as unlimited scarcity, limited resources and on alternative usable resources.
.In the acceptability related explanations of econometrics models of economics,mathematical and statistical methods are applied.
Welfare Definition
.Definition of welfare
Many economists cited examples of transformation from 'assumed condition' to observation based concept which are as below:
Many economist have given the examples of change from importance of observation from permissible condition, they are as down below:
.Many economists have given the example of the idea of changing from ""hypothetical terms"" to observational terms,which are as follows:
Some economists such as John Stuart Mill or Leon Walras mention that the wealth production cannot be bind with its distribution.
Some economists like John Stuart Mill or Leon Walras mentions that the production of wealth cannot be limited to its distribution
Some economists like John Stuart Mill or Leon Wallace stated that production of wealth can't be tied with its distribution.
Welcome to the Bengali edition of Wikipedia.
Welcome to the Bengali Version of Wikipedia.
Fire-fox is a free source web browser.
Firefox is an open source web browser.
Firefox is an open source browser
Firefox is an open source web browser.
In most of the other browsers only a few of these facilities were incorporated but Firefox was the first browser which included all of these facilities.
A few of these facilities were accepted in several other browsers, but Firefox is the first browser where all the facilities have been incorporated.
These conveniences did exist in others browsers to some extent but Firefox was the first browser,which contained them all
In other browsers too these features are adopted but Firefox is the first browser combined with all these features.
Among these there is Dom Inspector or Extension like Firebug.
There are Dom inspector or extension example: firebug
Among this are the dom inspector or extension like: Fire-Bag.
One of these is DOM Inspector or extension, example: firebug
The general year of Gregorian calendar commences on Monday.
July.
July
July
July
Date of unknown or unsolved incident.
Unknown/unsolved incident dates
Incidents on unknown/undecided dates.
Unknown/undecided dated events
December 27- Benajir Bhutto, Pakistan's Ex-Prime Minister
Decebber 27 – Benazir Bhutto, the former prime minister of Pakistan
December 27- Bengin Bhutto, old Prime Minister of Pakistan.
27th December - Benazir Bhutto, the traditional prime minister of Pakistan
June
June
June
June
January
January
January
January
DNS carries out keyword based redirection system.
DNS performs keyword based redirection system.
Depending on DNS internet can be controlled properly.
DNS works on Keyword basis redirection.
In the Domain name system, the job of assigning the domain names and connecting them to the IP addresses is divided between some authoritative Name Servers
In the domain name system, the work of giving the different domain names and connecting them to the IP addresses are distributed among some authoritative name servers.
Domain Name System distributes the task of assignment of domain names and their identification with IP addresses among a few authoritative name server.
In Domain Name System, the responsibility of assigning domain names and mapping those names to IP addresses are distributed to some authoritative name servers.
Even in the present time there is also a host file in every modern operating system too through which the users can connect the different names (like, www.example.net) with the IP addresses (like, 208.77.188.166) even without the help of DNS.
At present also most of the operating system has a host file with the help of which the user without the help of the DNS can connect various names (like www.example.com) with the ip address (208.77.188.166).
Presently in all modern system there is a host file by using that without taking any help from DNS user can contact with different IP address(like WWW.example.net IP address of this is 208.77.188.166).
today also most of the operating system uses a host file which can connect the names(eg. www.example.com) to the ip address(208.77.188.166) without the help of dns.
In 1984 four student of Barkal - Doglas Tery, Mocker Painter, Devid Rigol and Sun Nion jho wrote the Version of Unix which was look after by Rafial Kajampabel.
In 1984, four Berkeley students—Douglas Terry, Mark Painter, David Riggle and Songnian Zhou—wrote the first UNIX implementation which was later supervised by Ralph Campbel.
In 1984, four Berkeley students - Douglas Terry, Mark Painter, David Riggle, and Songnian Zhou wrote the first version of Unix which Ralph Campbell used to maintain later on.
In year 1984 four student -Doglas tery,Mark Painter,David Rigal,and Songniyan Jhuo first write Unix, later Ryalf Campbell took care of it.
The country is located near the eastern coast of Asia in the North Pacific Ocean.
This country is situated on the Pacific Ocean near the east coast of the continental of Asia .
Located in the Pacific Ocean, the country lies near the eastern coast of Asia.
The country is situated at the North Pacific Ocean, near the Eastern coast of Asia.
East Russia is close by, which is situated on the opposite side of the Sea of Okhotsk and Sea of Japan.
There is East Russia nearby, which is situated on the other side of Sea of Okhotsk and Sea of Japan.
Eastern Russia is near, which is situated opposite of the Okhotsk sea and Japan sea.
In the near by there is East Russia which is at the opposite banks of the Okhotsk sea and Japan sea.
The population is very high in the city area between Tokyo and Kobe city.
.The urban area between Tokyo and Kobe cities are very densely populated.
The population in the urban area between Kobe and Tokyo is very high.
The urban area between Tokyo and Kobe cities is very densely populated.
Japan is ruled by an emperor aince the 7th century .
From 7th century till now japan has been ruled by a king.
An emperor of Japan has been reigning since the 7th Century.
From 7th century one emperor continues to rule Japan.
The war concluded with the defeat of Japan and most of the industries, transport network and civil infrastructure were destructed by this.
As a result of Japan's defeat the war came to an end and in this most of the factories, transportation network, and people's structures gets destroyed in the country.
War ended after defeating Japan and because of this industry,transport network of the country broke down.
The war ends with the defeat of Japan and most of the industries, transport network and urban infrastructure were destroyed in this.
Geography
Geography
Geography
Geography
Culture
Culture
Culture
Culture
But after 1920 during world war II the western culture was controlled very hard.
But after 1920 while the Second World War is going on then the Western Culture is controlled very strictly.
But after 1920 at the time of Second World War, the western culture was strictly regulated.
But after 1920 during the second world war, the western cultures were strictly controlled.
sony
Sony
Sony
Sony
Windows 98
Windows 98
Windows 98
Windows 98
Windows advanced server
Windows advanced server.
Windows Advanced Server
Windows advanced server
documentation licence of software foundation is the copywrite license of some other foundation
Gonu free documentation license is a type of computer license for for those free software foundation.
GNU Free Documentation License is one kind of copyright license authored by Free Software Foundation.
Documentation of License of software foundation is a kind of copyright license.
Barak Obama born in Honolulu which is situated in Howei a state of United states.
Barack Obama was born in Honolulu, the capital of Hawaii of US.
Barrack Obama was born in Honolulu, the capital of Hawaii of the United States.
Barac Obama was born in capital of Hawaii province, Honolulu which is in Maciron United States.
Afterwards, he was considered one of the rising stars in the United States' progressive trend of politics.
Then in the moving politics of United States he was selected as a great leader.
Later on he was considered as a rising star in the sphere of liberal politics.
Then he was considered as a rising star in the progressive politics of United States.
Topics: The Winner of the Nobel Peace Prize
subject matter: winner of noble prize in peace.
Subject:Nobel Prize winner
Subject category: Nobel peace prize winner
Based on the numbers published it is the largest daily of Bengali language in India.
According to the publishing number this is the most popular Bengali News paper in India.
The biggest Bangla language daily in India, as per nos of publication
According to the published number it is the biggest daily of Indian Bengali.
References
Information chain
Documented Facts
.
January
.
January
January
November
November
November
November
August
August
August
August
April
April
April
April
The Internet is a global system of interconnected computer networks that use the standard Internet Protocol Suite to serve billions of users worldwide
Internet is infact a collection a number of computer networks linked with each other which are spread through the whole world and open to the common people and where data exchanges are carried out with the help of an authentic system called IP or the Internet Protocol.
Internet is expanded world wide, many computers connected to each other which is open to the public and where with the help of a unique system named IP or Internet Protocol the data are exchanged.
Picture of a modern personal computer
The picture of modern personal computer
image of the Modern computer
The picture of the modern Personal Computer (PC).
i.e the journey of computer was from the Abacus.
Hence, the history of computer starts from the abacus.
Means its abacus from where the journey of the history of computer started.
So the journey of computer starts from Abacus.
External link
External links
Inter-connectivity
Relation with outside
Bengali is the main language of Bangladesh and second highest number of people of India use this language.
Bengali is the national and official language in Bangladesh; in India, bengali is the second highest spoken language.
Bengali is the main language of Bangladesh; Bengali is the second largest spoken language.
“Bengali” is the first language of Bangladesh and the second most spoken language in India.
Later in 1820 Tomas De Colmar bjgtut had removed the inconveniences of the reckoning machine and made the Libanz's machine popular to the people.
After 1820 Tomas de Colmar popularizes Leibniz's machine by removing the disadvantages of reckoning machine.
Later in 1820 Thomas De Colmar made Leibniz's machine popular by resolving the problem of Reckoning machine.
Later in the year 1820 bjgtut(Tomas De Colmar) removed the problem with reckoning machine and made Libanj's machine famous.
During this phase Oriya and Assamese became separated from Bengali.
oria and asamese differs to bangla in this respect
In this period the Assamese and the Oriya became separated from the Bengali.
At this stage, Oriya and Assamese got separated from Bengali.
A system is a combination of some integrated devices which work to serve some general purposes.
System is a set of independent entities which work for a common purpose.
System is a combined effort of a number of integrated constituents which act to serve some general purposes.
System is a collective attempt of factor of some integrated unit which work together to solve the purpose.
Among the Bengalis, Raza Rammohan Ray was the first grammar writer; the name of his book is ""Grammar of the Bengali Language""(1832)
Among the Bengalis Raja Ram Mohan Roy was the first Grammar writer; the name of his book was ""Grammar of the Bengali Language"" (1832).
Raja Rammohan Roy was the first Grammarian among Bengalees; The name of his book is ""Grammar of the Bengali Language"" (1832)
""RAJA RAMMOHAN ROY"" WAS THE FIRST BENGALI TO WRITE A BOOK ON BENGALI GRAMMER, TITLED ""GRAMMER OF BENGALI LANGUAGE"".
B* System Unit: Hard Disk, Mother Board, AGP Card etc.
B* System Unit: Hard disk, Motherboard, AGP Card etc
System Unit: Hard Disk,mother Board,AGP Cord etc.
Other than this people using Bengali language stays in Madhyapracho, Malaysia and Western Countries.
Apart from that, lots of Bengali speaking people lives in Middle East, Malaysia and western Countries.
Moreover, there are notable numbers of people in Middle Eastern country, Malaysia and western country.
Other than these many Bengali people lives in Malaysia and in western country .
All human who working with Data collection, program, computer driving information, design of these system, record and protection of the information, making a link between software and hardware is called as Humanware.
All the men related to collecting data, modification or debugging the program or data, running the computer such as writing programs, system design and record writing or keeping are all together called Humanware.
THE WORK FORCE OR PEOPLE INVOLVED COLLECTION OF DATA,PROGRAMMING AND EXPERIMENTATION, OPERATING COMPUTER AND DESCRIBING ITS PROGRAMME, SYSTEM DESIGNING,RECORDING AND UPDATION, CO-ORDINATING BETWEEN COMPUTER HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ETC ARE KNOWN AS HUMANWARE.
Collection of Data, Program or data conservation and making, write the program for computer, conservation and writing the record and design of the system, co-ordination between the software and hardware etc. and the attachment with all this activities is known as Human ware.
See more
See more.
See also
See more
Apply
Application
Application
Implementations.
Hence, there are three types at the point of view of computer's structure and conduction rule.
While computer can be classified into three groups on the basis of its structure and usages.
Again, a computer can further be divided into three types according to its structure and usages.
Computer can be classified in three type according to structure and working process.
Analogue Computer
Analog Computer
Analog computer.
Analog computer.
Along with this Caribbean and many areas of Pacific Ocean are under the control of United States of America.
A large part of Caribian and Pacific Ocean comes under Unites states.
Apart from that, many regions in the Caribbean and Pacific region are under the rule of United States.
Maximum area of Carabian and Pecific Ocean's is under United States.
.They have been living on the mainland United States of America for the last few thousand years.
They are living many thousands of years in the main land of United States.
They were living in the main land of United States of America for thousands of years.
They have been living in the main lands of the United States for several thousands of years.
So, this can be said that from the technical and structural point of view the partial combination of analogue and digital computer is
Hence it can be said that, a hybrid computer is a partly unification of analog and digital computers on technological and fundamental basis.
Therefore it can be said that from the side of technology that Hybrid Computer is a small part of Analogue and Digital Computer.
So we can say that from the side of technology mixing of digital and analog is called hybrid computer.
In nineteenth century, Unites States re-captued lands from France, Spain, United state, Mexico, and russia and capture Texas Republic and Hawai Republic.
In 19th century, United states acquired land from France, Spain, Mexico, and Russia and took control of Texas and Hawaii democracies.
During the 19th century the United States acquired land from France, Spain, UK, Mexico and Russia through the process of land acquisition and also occupied Hawaii and Texas republics.
In the 19th century, United State acquired land from France, Spain, the United Kingdom, Mexico and Russia and captured the Republic of Texas and the Republic of Hawaii.
A micro computer is made up with the assembly of an interface chip, a microprocessor CPU and RAM and ROM.
The micro computer is build with Interface chip, a micro processor CPU, RAM and ROM.
Micro Computer is a combination of a micro processor cpu, ram and rom.
A computer is made with interface chip, a microprocessor CPU and RAM,ROM.
List of events
List of the Event
List of incidents
List of events
Naming
Nomenclature
APPELATION.
Nomenclature
The adjectives relating to the United States of America ""American"" and ""USA"" both are popular(American values or the US armed forces).
Both American and U.S. are usually referred to the country adjectively (American values or U.S. forces) and other than U.S people, American is rarely used in English to refer to others adjectively.
October
October
.October
October
.Many aborigines community,prior to many decades ago of Colombo,established advanced agriculture,architecture and states like social system.
Many indigenous of pre-Columbian era developed advanced agriculture, grand architecture, and state-level societies.
In pre Columbian period many of the tribes established advanced agriculture, sculpture and kingdom-like social systems.
In the Precambrian age many tribal communities had built developed agricultural system, architecture and state-like society system.
July
July
July
.July
.The flow of immigration among the British continues after the consecutive realization in order to establish the Bay colony in Massachusetts.
In 1628 after repeated financing to establish Massachusetts Bay colony there came a flow of emigration among the English.
In 1628, after the consecutive financing for the establishment of Massachusetts Bay Colony, a tide of immigration could be seen among the English people.
In 1628 in view of establishment of Massachusetts Bay Colony after necessary investment there was a huge growth of immigration by English people.
June
June
June
June
After that the former New Netherland was renamed as New York.
After this the name given to former Netherlands was New York.
After this, the previously New Netherland was named New York
After that New Netherland was renamed as New York.
Before or after this the position of China.
The location of China is before or after this.
Its rank is just above or below China.
China's locations is near or further to it.
Michel startrd singing as a solo singer from the year 1971
In the year 1971, michel started singing as a solo singer.
Michael started singing as a solo artist since 1971.
From 1971 Michael start singing as a single artist.
Besides Guam areas and except the western areas of Alaska maximum area of the country is situated in North Pole.
Other than the Guan region and some farthest most point of Western Alaska the whole country is located in the North Pole.
Apart from Guam area and some areas at the west most side of Alaska, the whole country is situated at the north hemisphere.
Most parts of this country are situated in the Northern Hemisphere except a small area of Guam and Alaska.
Everybody who can read Wikipedia on the internet can contribute in its all articles.
Anyone who can see Wikipedia website on internet can collect all information related to study.
Anyone who can browse Wikipedia through internet,can contribute to all the articles in it.
Any one, who can visit wikipedia through Internet, can contribute to almost all the articles here.
Nupedia was being managed under Nupedia Open Information License but it was changed to GNU Open Documentation License when Richard Stallman (English:) joined Wilipedia activities.
Before Nupedia was running under Nupedia Open Content License but it was changed to GNU Free Documentation License after Richard Stallman joined the Nupedia project.
Nupedia was being conducted its operations under the license of Nupedia open source but after connected with the Wilipedia network of Richard Stolman the license was changed into GNU open source documentation.
nupedia was running are opensource but after Richard Stallman associated with the wilipedia it converted to gnu free license.
The Wikipedia started its work near the end of 2003 with 26 languages and within 2003 the Wikipedia was started with 46 languages.
towards the end of 2003, the work started on 26 languages and wikipedia was started in total 46 languages within 2003.
At the end of 2003, it starts workings in 26 languages and in the year of 2003 Wikipedia starts in total 46 languages.
By the end of 2003 works started in 26 languages and within the year 2003 Wikipedia operated in 46 languages.
He was a very famous artiste in the world.
He was known as a famous musician in the whole world.
As an artist he was much famous in the whole world.
As an artist, he was famous in the whole world.
This institution conducts the other co-projects of Wikipedia like: Wikibook.
This organisation operates the other co programs of Wikipedia, like: Wikibooks.
This organization Wikipedia also control different project like Wikibook.
this organisation runs other branches of wikipedia such as wikibook
Linux operating system Kernel or main part of it is also called Linux.
Karnel or main part of the Linux operating system is also called Linux.
The carnel or core of Linux operating system is also called Linux.
The kernel or the root operating system of Linux also is called Linux
In those days, to create a hyperlink for any word, the space between the words were wiped to form a word and then a link was created with it.
Then to make a hyperlink of many word gap between two word is deleted.
then for making hyperlinks to more than one words the spaces in between were omitted and a single word hyperlink was prepared.
while creating a hyperlink between 2 or more words,the blank spaces between them were erased ang a new word was created,with the help of that word the link was established
Now Large corporation like IBM,Sun Microsystem,Novel choosed Linux for their server.
Now big corporations like IBM, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, Novel etc have chosen Linux for their servers.
Presently, large corporation like IBM, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, Novell etc have chosen Linux to use in their server.
Now large corporations like IBM, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, Novell etc. have chosen Linux for their servers.
On Florida thee were 300 servers upto February 2008, 26 were in Amsterdam and 23 were in Korea for the facility of hosting facility.
till 2008 these servers were 300 of florida, 26 of amstardom and 23 of yahoo's korean hosting facility.
Up to February, 2008 of these servers 300 were at Philadelphia, 26 were at Amsterdam and 23 were under Yahoo's Korean hosting facility at Seoul.
As of 2008, 300 of these servers were in Florida, 26 were in Amsterdam and 23 were under the Korean hosting service of yahoo.
These webservers display the particular website from the central information centre.
This website from the main informatory place shows a particular website from a particular place.
These web server show particular website from main information center,
This web servers display the definite website searching it from the main data warehouse.
But an important ingredient was still missing, and that was the basis or the ingredient of the lowest stage of Kernel Operating System.
But one important ingredient was still pending, that is the base of Kernel operating system at the lowest level.
But an important element was still left, and that was the kernel- the lowest level element or the base of the operating system.
But still a very useful ingredients was still left, and that was the base of the lowest layer Kernel Operating System .
Encyclopedia
Information warehouse
Database
Information Storage
but Tanenbaum had not permitted to work upon his MINIX system to develop a more advanced system.
But Tanenbaum did not allow working directly on his MINIX system for improvement.
But Tunnenbom would not give the permission to work directly on his Minix system to develop it.
but tannennbum dint permit to work directly for the development through his minux system.
In his book The Cathedral and the Bazaar, Eric Raymond has discussed about the model of development process of Linux kernel (and other software of the same category).
The development method model of Linux Karnel (and other same category software) is discussed in the essay ‘The cathedral and the Bazaar’ written by Eric Raymond.
In the essay, The Cathedral and the Bazaar written by Erik Raymond has been discussed about the Model of development process(and other same type of software) of Linux Kernel .
arick-remonds article the cathedral and the bazzar also discuss about working of linux kernel.
To the West of India there is Pakistan, to the North-East there are China, Nepal and Bhutan and to the East there are Bangladesh, Myanmar and Malaysia
China, Nepal, Bhutan are situated at the western side of India and Bangladesh, Myanmar, Malaysia are situated at the eastern side of India.
On the western border of India is Pakistan, on the north east China, Nepal and Bhutan and on the east are situated Bangladesh, Myanmar and Malaysia.
Pakistan is on western border, China, Nepal and Bhutan is on North-East, and Bangladesh, Myanmar and Malaysia is situated on east of India.
During the middle of the 19th Century, this country became completely a British colony.
India fully became a British colony in the middle of the 19th century.
.This country became a full fledged British colony during the middle of nineteenth century.
in mid of 19th century india became a part of british empire.
And the task for the Linux distribution vendors or organizations is to produce a complete operating system by integrating all the elements and adding graphical interface (like X-Window system based GNOME or KDE) and application software.
and the work of the distributors of linux are combining theses parts with a graphical interface and application programs to provide a complete package.
The present work of the Linux marketer sellers or the present work of the establishment are to make all the materials together and with this graphical interface (like X-Window system- related gonom or Keddy)or by adding application software a complete managing system is made.
And now the task of those seller and distributor of Linux is to collect and to add graphical interfaces (e.g.; Gnome based on Ex-window or KDE ) and application software and make it a complete operating system.
Look more: Indian names
See more : The names of India
Now see: Different name of India.
See more: The names of India
At last the name 'Linux' by Lemmke was adopted..
Lastly the name 'Linux' given by Lemmke survived.
At last, the name Linux, given by Lemoc stayed.
At last Linux name was accepted.
Bhimbetka rock shelters of Madhya Pradesh are the oldest illustration of human life in India.
.Veembetka stone field in the state of central province has the evidence of earliest human settlement in India.
""Bhimbetka"" rock found in Madhya Pradesh is the most ancient example of Human civilisation in India.
Ancient Civilization of human being in India was settlement grown up in Bhimbatka a place of state madhyaprades.
Philosophy
Philosophy
Philosophy
Philosophy
all that is,in east india state pal and southern state chalukya,chole,vijoynagar etc,build up.
.Beside this,the kingdoms of Pal in Eastern India and Chalukya, Chole and Bijoynagar etc. in the Deccan emerged.
Besides, the Palas in the East India and Chalukya, Cholas and vijaynagar etc empires were flourished in the Deccan.
Besides Pal kingdom in eastern India and Chalukya, Chol and Vijaynagar etc. kingdom in southern India were formed.
ARM
ARM
ARM
ARM (Advanced RISC Machine)
Mass national upliftment of Indian soldiers and Indian countries after every one year rotation.
After one year after that, which took place, is an National Agitation, a cumulative effort of the Indian Military and Indian Independant States.
After just one year of this, there was one public awakening where the Indian soldires and the states of the country got united
After every alternative year the Indian army and together with the state makes a national public-caos.
With this Muslim effected East and West side of India made a new country Pakistan.
The Muslim dominated regions on the eastern and western boundaries of the country divided to form Pakistan together.
The Muslim inhabited parts of the Easter and the Western parts of India were broken apart at the same time to formed the country of Pakistan.
All together the Muslim areas in the East and West partitioned to form Pakistan.
Distribution
Distribution
Distribution
Distribution
They loved to call themselves as Hacker or Geek.
They liked to be called as hackers or geek.
They loved to call them hacker or gik.
They just loved to be called themselves as hacker or geek.
On 26th January 1950 the improved constitution of India is the most largest and most defined constitution of the world.
The Indian constitution, which was written and presented on 26th January 1950 is the biggest and most descriptive constitution in the world.
The Indian Constitution that came into effect on 26th January, 1956 is the largest and most widely explained constitution of the world.
The Constitution of India which was introduced on26th January 1950 is the longest and the most exhaustive constitutions in the world.
The Indian administrative section consists of the President, Vice-President and the Council of Ministers (executive committee of which is the Cabinet) led by the Prime Minister.
in leadership of president, vise president and prime-minister ministerial constitution(whose legislative assembly is cabinet)- indian administration build with these.
In the leadership of President, Vice-President and Prime Minister is the council of minister(whose working members are the cabinet)-and with it is build the Indian Constitution.
The executive branch consists of the President, Vice-President, and the Council of Ministers (the Cabinet being its executive committee) headed by the Prime Minister.
use of Linux
Use of Linux.
The use of Linux
Linux use
Beside, If the president thinks that there is not enough member of Anglo-Indian community, he can select two member as senator from that community.
in case if president thinks that there are not many representatives of anglo-indian society is present than he can choose two members to represent the community.
In addition, if the President feels that adequate number of representatives of Anglo-Indian community are not there in the parliament, he may nominate two members from that community.
Besides, if the President so thinks that there is not adequate representation from the Anglo-Indian communities in the Parliament, he can, by his discretion, nominate two members from this community to the Parliament.
Other than that all the softwares available free for Windows or Max OS 10 are generally available for Linux.
Apart from that, the free software available for Windows and Mac OS 10 are also available for Linux.
Those software which is free for Windows or Mac OS 10 is also freely available for Linux.
Apart from that, those software that available with Windows or Mac OS10 for free of cost, they are also available for Linux as well
After Independence for most of the time the ruling party is congress.
After independence most of the time National Congress ruled India.
Most of the time during the post independence period this country is ruled by National congress party.
Since its independence, for the most of the time, the India National Congress could hold its rule over the country.
The game making company straightly started to provide game which can be easily run in linux.
Some of the game developing organizations are publishing games that can be played directly in Linux.
Some game making companies directly started releasing Linux compatible games.
Some of the game making companies have started publishing games that are directly compatible with Linux
After that a joint front, who were against the Congress as well as the BJP, came into the power.
Then the United Front coalition that excluded both the BJP and the INC came in power.
Then the coalition opposed to Congress and BJP came to power.
After that Congress and BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) opponent-United front came into power.
The word 'Islam' means ' Self submission' or submission of himself to the one and only creator.
The meaning of Islam is “surrender” or submission of self to the one God .
""Islam"" the meaning of this word ""surrender"" or to sacrifice his life to his creator.
The word ""Islam"" stands for ""Self-dedication"" or the act of complete surrender of oneself to a single creator (God).
The posting of the Indian Friendship army in Srilanka and the operation Cactus in Maldives - in both the places India played the role of mediator for the defense of the neighboring countries.
Sending Indian Peace Keeping Force to Sri Lanka and Operation Cactus in Maldives--in these two cases India participated in the military intervention of her neighbour country.
Sending peace keeping forces to Srilanka and operation cactus in Maldives, in both these places India took part in military Intervention with its neighboring countries.
Sending Peace Keeping Force to Sri Lanka and Cactus operation in Maldives - in these two cases India took part in military mediation in its neighboring countries.
Presently Muslims live throughout the world, especially in the middle east, North Africa, south Asia, central Asia and south east Asia.
At present, Muslims lives all over the world, especially in the Middle East, North Africa, South Asia, Central Asia and South East Asia.
The Muslims are residing in the whole world at present, especially in the Middle East, North Africa, South Asia, Central Asia, South-East Asia.
At present in the whole world, specially in Madhya Pradesh, North Africa, South Asia, Middle Asia, South-Eastern Asia the Muslims live.
Now, the institutions in which India is able to establish its influence are Association of South-East Asian Nations(ASEAN), South Asian Association for Regional Co-Operation(SAARC) and World Trade Organization(WTO).
At present, all the institution that have succeeded in expanding their authority are Association of Sout-East Asia Nation (ASIAN), South Asian Association for regional Co-Operation (SAARC) and World Economic Institution (WUTO).
In recent years, the organisations in which India played important roles are Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN), South Asian Association of Regional Co-operation (SAARC) and World Trade Organisation (WTO).
The organizations in which India has been able to spread its influence in the recent years are: Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN), South Asian Association for Regional Co-operation (SAARC) and World Trade Organization (WTO).
It is mentioned in the Quaran, those who believe in both religions are knows as ""Ahale Kitab"" and those who believe in multiple gods are separated from them.
Quran has called the believers of these two religions as ""Ahle Kitab"" and separated them from the believers of multi-gods
.Followers of both the religions are mentioned as ""genuine book"" in the Quran and they have been separated from the believers of numerous Gods.
followers of both these religions have been called 'Ahle Quitab' in the Quran and have been distinguished from polytheists.
""DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ORGANISATION"" OR DRDO, SUPERVISES AND PROVIDES TECHNOLOGICAL ADVICES TO MANUFACTURE BALLASTIC MISSILE,WARSHIP, AIRCRAFT AND OTHER MILITARY MACHNARIES,SO THAT INDIA DOES NOT DEPENDS TOO MUCH IN IMPORTING FOREIGN TECHNOLOGIES AND EQUIPMENTS.
Defence Research and Development Organization(D.R.D.O) supervises the production of ballistic missiles,warships,warplanes,battletanks along with ultra modern weapons and conventional equipments,so that India does not have to depend upon a large amount of foreign currency to purchase them.
.
Defence Research and Development organisation or DRDO looks after the production of sophisticated arms and military equipment, ballistic missiles, fighter aircraft and main battle tanks to decrease India's dependence on overseas imports.
The state was established under the act of 1956 state reconstruction act.
The states were formed based on languages in the year 1956 by the law of re building of the states.
In 1956, these states were formed on a linguistic basis under States Re-organisation Act.
In 1956 the states were formed on the basis of language by virtue of Revenue Reconstruction Act.
in bengali kuraan is also called ""al-kuraan"" or ""kuraan-sharif"".
Quran is called as ""Al-Quran"" or ""Quran Sharif"" in Bengali.
In Bengali, the Quran is also called 'Al-Quran' or 'Quran Sharif'.
Presently this mountain range covers the northern and north-east of India.
Now this mountain range is encircling the North and the North-Eastern parts of India
This mountain which now abut India in the north and the north-east.
Presently this mountain surrounds India in the north and the north-east.
Muhammad (Shah)
Muhammad.
Muhammad(Shah)
Muhammad
Lakshadweep
Laccadives
Lakshadweep Islands
Lakshadweep
the changed credential changed means any work according to that papers one peace keeps in that even though it has been changed as word by word or else in some other languages
Sunnis did not have any such belief though the Sias kept this sort of belief for all their prophets that Muhammad and all the prophets above all did never make a mistake,
Apart from the socio-cultural changes we all wish to know the roots of these festivals.
.Although the Sunni Muslims do not believe that Muhammad(SM)and all other Prophets never made any mistake,the Shia Muslims cherish that belief about all Prophets and their Imams.
There are few floods as these rivers are very navigable.
Due to high navigable in this river there are less chance of flood.
Since these rivers are highly navigable the frequency of floods are very low.
Floods happen less because of these rivers extreme low gradient.
Hadis
Hadis
Hadith
Hadis
Thar desert has a very important role to attract South East Mousumi air during Summer.
Thar Desert plays an important role to attract southwest wet summer monsoon winds.
The Thar desert plays a huge role in attracting the humid South-Eastern Seasonal Wind.
The Thar Desert heats up considerably during the hot summers, which plays important role in attracting monsoon .
There are other compositions of pure hadith.
Belong this there is different genuine translated Hadis.
out of these, there are many collection of Hades
Outside this many pure collection of Hasid are there.
Zakat (Bestowal)
Zakat(donation)
Donation
Zakat(alms giving)
One of the eighteen mega diverse countries, this country is the home to 7.6% of all mammalians, 12.6% of all avian, 6.2% of all reptilians, 4.4% of all amphibians, 11.7% of all fish, and 6.0% of all flowering plants.
One of the 18 most variegated nations this country is a home for 7.6% mammals, 12.6% birds, 6.2% reptiles, 4.4% amphibians, 11.7% fishes and 6% floral plants of the world.
It is one of the diversified country among the 18 great-diverse countries Earth's 7.6% mammals, 12.6% birds, 6.2% reptile, 4.4% amphibian, 11.7% fish and 6.0% flower-plant are the living place in this country.
External communication
Outer communication
External links
Outer link
A mass exchange of species has been seen because of Peninsular India's subsequent movement and collision with the Laurasian landmass.
A huge change in the tribes are seen due to a clash between the work-place of Island India with land parts.
As a result of the continuous displacement of the Indian peninsula and its collision with the Eurasian land masses, a great change was occurred in the species of this parts.
Due to gradual movement of peninsular India and dashing against Eurasian landmass, great changes occurred among the species.
With this, in 1980, Forest Protection Act was implemented in India the number of protected forest is more than five hundred.
With it started the law Protect Forest Law in India with forest numbered exceeding 500.
Penis or the male reproductive organ is a combination of a number of a few spinal and non spinal living beings external reproductive organ.
The penis is the external sex organ of some the male vertebrate as well as non-vertebrates.
The penis or male organ is the external sexual organ of some vertebrates and in vertebrates.
Penis is the external sexual organ of certain vertebrate and invertebrate creatures.
As the positive affect of this from the year 1991 5.8 billion US dollar was increased to 308 billion dollar on 4th July, 2008 by collecting revenue from foreign countries.
On its economical effects, the foreign currency deposit rose to 308 billion dollars on 4th July 2008 from 5.8 billion dollars of 1991.
Total savings of foreign money increased from 5.8 billion US $ in year 1991 to 301 billion US $ in year 2008.
Due to the positive impact of this, the foreign currency reserve increased from 5.8 billion US dollar on March 1991 to 308 billion US dollar on 4th July 2008.
Mainly,XML is the way to define data.
xml
Actually, XML is a medium of describing data.
Mainly, XML is a media of data interpretation.
<class>
<Class>
<section>
<Class>
</Student>
</student>
</Student>
</Student>
60% of this labour force is invested in agriculture and agricultural industries, 28% is in service industries and 12 % is in industrial sector.
Of this energy 60 percent is used in agriculture and agricultural industries, 28 percent in service and service related industries and 12 percent in industrial purposes.
.
60% of this power is used in agriculture and other agricultural activities,28% in development and other developent activities and 12% in other assigned activities
</Student>
</student>
Student
</student>
This rate is not only the highest in the world but also twice of Sub-Saharan Africa.
This rate is not only very high in the world's perspective, even this is almost double than the rate of Sub-Saharan Africa.
Compared to the whole world, this rate is not only very high, even it is almost twice than the rate of Sub-Saharan Africa.
This rate is not only higher compared to the world rate but also almost double that of Sub-Saharan Africa.
India is second highly populated country in the world.
India is the second largest country in the world in terms of population size.
India is the second highest populated country in the world
India is the second highest populated country of the world.
And all the attributes must be closed in double quotation.
And each of the attributes are to be within double quotes.
And the next attribute should be in the double quotation marks.
Each attribute should be enclosed by a double quotation mark.
Australia is the smallest continent of the world, but the 6th largest country.
Australia is the smallest continent in the country.
Australia is the smallest continent but the sixth largest country in the world.
Though as a continent Australia is the smallest but it is the sixth largest country in the world
Indian constitution has given the status of national language to 21 languages including Bengali.
Indian Constitution has termed 21 Languages including Bengali as national language.
According to Constitution with Bengali India has total 21 language.
The constitution of India has given 21 languages the status of national language.
The ratio of female is 944 to 1000 male nationally.
Nationally, gender wise there are 944 women against each thousand men.
The sex ratio is 944 girls to 1000 boys in the national level.
In national level sex ratio of male and female is 944 number of women in every thousand men
The versatility of Indian culture is instilled in the architectures of India.
The Indian architecture is such a subject where this diversified aspects of the Indian culture is reflected
Indian architecture is such an issue in which we can witness the diversified form the Indian culture.
Indian architecture is a subject which describes the diversity of Indian culture.
These are, ‘Bharatanatyam’ of Tamil Nadu, ‘Kathak’ of Uttar Pradesh, ‘Kathakali’ and ‘Mohiniyattam’ of Kerala, ‘Kuchipudi’ of Andhra Pradesh, ‘Manipuri’ of Manipur, ‘Odissi’ of Orissa and the ‘Sattriya’ of Assam.
These are Baharatnatyam of Tamilnadu, Kathak of Uttar Pradesh, Kathakali and Mohiniattyam of Keral, Kuchipudi of Andhra Pradesh, Manipuri of Manipur, Odissi of Orissa and Satriya Nritya of Assam.
These are Bharatanatyam of Tamil Nadu, Kathak of U.P, Kathakoli and Mohiniattam of Kerala, Kuchipudi of Andhra Pradesh, Manipuri of Manipur, Odissi of Orissa and Sattriya of Assam.
These are Bhart Natyam of Tamilnadu, Kathhak of Uttarpradesh, Kathakali and Mohiniattam of Kerala, Kuchipudi of Andhra Pradesh Manipuri of Manipur, Odisi of Orissa and Kshitriya dance of Assam.
the indian literature was spread earlier as orally and later as written
The oldest literature in India became popular initially in oral form and then in writing.
Early works of Indian literature was practiced orally at first and later in written form.
The oldest literature of India were first in vogue through verbally and the in written.
Though a number of festivals are also observed without on the basis of any caste or religion.
Though many festivals irrespective of religion and caste are observed.
Although many non-religious and non-race festivals are also celebrated.
Though in many religion and tribes some impartial occasions are celebrated.
Within the outer dependent areas there are Ashmore and Cartier Islands, Australian Antarctica, Christmas Island, Cocos Islands, Coral Sea Islands, Hard Island and McDonald Islands, and Norfolk Island.
the book of syed sahab assar-ul-sanaadid first edition in fourth lesson with bulbul nawayaan sawaad jannat abaad hazrat shahjaha abad those haal found of delhi's many poets in that the main the place was given to gaalib according to the ahwal and praised
Among the outside dependable places are Islands of Asmor and Katiyar, Australia Antarctica, Christmas Island, Kokos Island, Kerela Sea Islands, Haur Island and Macdonald's Island and Norfor Island.
Ashmore and Cartier Islands, Australian Antertica, Christmas Island, Cocos Islands, Coral Sea Islands, Hard Island and McDonald Islands, Norfolk Island are among the external dependent regions.
.Matrimonial tie is considered as lifelong bondage.
Here it is think that marriage is for life time.
Marital bond is considered a bond for the whole life.
The wed-lock is regarded as the lock for life.
External links
Outer link.
External Connections
External communication
In the ancient world, there were the diamond mines only in India.
In the ancient world, diamond mine was constructed only in India.
In ancient world diamond mines were developed only in India.
IN THE ANCIENT WORLD,DIAMOND MINES WERE ONLY SEEN IN INDIA.
Subject: State
Content: The state
.Classification of contents:State
Subject category: Country
Advanced light helicopter and LCA Tejas can be named as the altrenate power in the Airforce sector.
In case of the National Air Force the names of the Advanced Light Helicopter and LCA Tejs can be taken.
In case of indigenous aeronautical power, Advanced Light Helicopter and LCA 'Tejas' can be cited as alternatives.
As a most advanced power of air force we can take the name of Advanced Light Helicopter and LCO Tejas.
Through Roman conquest of the Gaul and establishment of settlement there history of French commenced.
history of french started from the gaul win of romans
The history of the French language starts with the victory of Romans over the Gols and establishment of their colonies there.
The Gol winning of the Roman's and for living over there introduces the history of the French over there.
INDIAN HOCKEY FEDERATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ORGANISING AND DIRECTING ALL ACTIVITY RELATED TO HOCKEY IN INDIA.
The authority of directing the Indian hockey team is given to the Indian Hockey Federation
The administrative responsibility of the sports of Hockey lies with the Indian Hockey Federation
Indian Hockey Federation Control has responsibility to control Indian Hockey.
In India the Asian Games were organized on 1951 and 1982.
India organized Asian Games in 1951 and in 1982.
India was the host country of 1951 and 1982 Asian Games.
India organized asian games in 1951 and 1982.
Within the 52nd BC the entire Gol came under the control of Germany.
By 52 B.C. all Gaul became included in Roman reign.
All of Gaul came under Romans even before 52 B.C.
.Within 52 A.D..the whole Gall came under Roman jurisdiction.
Geography
Geography
Geography
Geography
As a result Farasiya in North, Pikar, Norman, Loren, Waylan, etc are the sub languages of North France and the Southern Poraboshal language is divided into Logdosiya, Oveneriya, and is formed by the formation of many other sub languages.
INITIALLY those people were told sufia whi used to pray for the god and used to live life like zahid for main see that required occasion
As a result, many northern French dialects like Francien, Picard, Norman, Lorrain, Walloon etc. in the north and dialects like Lengadocian, Ovenria and many others originated from Provençal language of south.
Subject Class: Earlier British Colony
Category: Old British Colonies
Subject: Old British place of living
Subject-class: Previous British Colony
The old Farasee language was the main language in between 11-13th Century.
From 11th century to 13th century, this old French was the official language of British administration.
from 1100a.d to 1300a.d the main language of british administration was ancient french
Till 11th-13th century, the main language of English administration was Old French.
for example this we can see that the terminology of internet routing and world wide web hypertext is actually a scale free network
Blogger added content in their website and viewer of that website can post their comment.
every day bloggers attached content in there website and users can comment in there
bloggers update content of their website regularly and users can also add comments.
.During this time due to the expansion of French colonialism,the French language spread over to American continent(Canada,Louisiana,Caribbean Islands etc.)exceeding the boundaries of Europe.
At this time due to expansion of parts of France the French Language crossed the European countries and expanded in the American Continent (Canada, Luijiana, Caribeo, Islands, etc).
Due to colonial expansion of France, the French language spread beyond Europe to American continent (Canada, Louisiana, Caribbean Islands etc.)
During this period of time, due to the colonial expansion of France, the French language spread through the American continent (Canada, Louisiana, Caribbean Islands etc.) surpassing the borders of Europe.
Main article: History of blogging and online diary
Main article: The history of blogging and online diary.
Main articles: History of blogging and online diary
main article: history of blogging and online directory
the definite and indefinite article used in french,those maintain similarity with noun's gender and number.
In French, definite and indefinite articles are used that maintains agreement with noun's gender and number.
In French, definite and indefinite articles are used which keep the agreements with the gender and number of the noun.
In French, certain and uncertain articles are used, which keep the link between the gender and number of noun.
Justin Hall is considered as the first blogger who did personal blogging while studying at Swarthmore College during 1994 as is the case with Jerry Pummel.
Justin Hall is the earliest blogger who started blogging while studying at Swarthmore College in 1994, same way Jerry Pournelle is also considered as same.
while a student at Swarthmore College Justin Hall started his webblog and considered one of the primitive blogger as jerry-pumel.
During his study in the Swarthmore college in 1994, Justin Hall, the personal blogger, was regarded as one of the oldest blogger as Jerry Pumel too was regarded.
Though the starting was slow, but bloging started to be popular fast.
Though the melody was soft but the blogging got famous fast.
Even though blogging had a slow pace in respect of popularity in the beginning, it gained huge popularity in no time.
Though it was started slowly, rapidly it gained popularity.
Personal blog
Personal Blog
personal blog
Personal blog
.The spoken language of these invader German descent laid the foundation of ancient English.
The mother tongue of this haunted Germany title was based on the primitive English.
The language of these raider clans of Germany created the base for the early English language.
The colloquial language of these German invaders had laid the base of the ancient English language.
Compound tenses are formed with the verbs 'Etre' - 'to be' or avoir - 'presence'.
With the verbs Etri ""to become"" or avoir ""stay"" are used in the joining sentence.
With the help of being etre or avoir, the compound times are created.
With the help of the Etre (to be) or avoir (to have) verbs the compound sentences are formed.
As per ethnological studies, the number of native English speaking people is almost 34 crore.
As per Ethnologue, English is the mother language of 34 crore people.
According Athenlog there is total 34 corer people whose mother tongue is English.
According to the Analogue the mother's tongue of English is almost 34 crore.
For example, Je prend un cafe ""Ami coffee khai"" - in this sentence, first comes subject ""Je"", then comes verb ""prends"" and then object ""cafe""
For example-- in the sentence, je prend un cafe or ""I drink coffee"", first comes the subject 'je', then the verb 'prends and finally the object 'cafe'.
Example: in the word ‘Je prend un café’, first word ‘Je’ is subject, then ‘prends’ is verb and ‘café’ is object.
For example - Je Prend un cafe ""I drink coffee"" here at first there is nown that is Je, after that verb prends, and after that subject cafe.
See more.
See also
See more
See More
Category: Languages of Luxembourg
Topics: The Language of Luxembourg
Subject: Language of Luxemburg
Adam Smith coordinated idealistic concepts including Laissez-Faire principle but he rejected the concept that only agriculture is productive.
The preamble to the constitution of India declares the principle of equality.
Archetype of equality is declared in the preamble of the Indian constitution.
In the preface of Indian Constitution, the idealism of equality has been declared.
Equality is reflected in the preamble of Indian Constitution.
Excepting this with the vibrator () a valve can be excited.
Besides, the penis can also be excited through electronic vibrator.
Apart from that the vulva can be stimulated by the vibrator.
By using electric vibrator vulva can be make extcited.
The techniques of female masturbation include rubbing the vulva and its adjoining areas especially the clitoris.
Some part like vulva and it's surrounding area has a great effect in women masturbation.
women's handsex involves rubbing reproductive organs mainly vagina.
The women masturbation techniques include stroking or rubbing her vulva and surrounding area especially the clitoris.
Many females think their natural lubrication to be sufficient.
Many women find their natural lubrication sufficient.
Many women consider their own natural lubrication to be adequate.
Many women regard their own natural lubrication as sufficient.
willingness and harmones effects the sex excitments , practices a lot.
For some the sexual desire or amount of hormone have effects on sexual desire, sexual practice, health and types of thinking.
A person’s sexual wish or hormone rate influences their sexual excitement, sexual practice, health and mentality.
The sexual urge or the quantity of sex hormone in one person can influence to one's sexual excitement, behavior, health and outlooks.
Orgasm is considered as beneficial to body.
Orgasm is considered as useful for the body.
Main articles: History of Bangladesh and History of Bengal
Orgasm or female ejaculation is considered to be beneficial for the body.
From this incident it is assumed that man was familiar with unnatural sexual practices right from the ancient age.
It is assumed that, humans are familiar with unnatural sexual activities from the ancient era.
from this we can imagine that unusual sex is known to human from historic time
From this it is thought that men knew the sexual processes that are not natural from the ancient age.
Informations
Information source
information chain
References
The important aspects of Java.
Important aspects of Java
The important areas of Java
The Important Aspects of Java
How does java program work?
How does Java program work
.
How Java program works
There is a separate language protocol for these in Java.
There are other languages for these in Java.
There has some different rule for Java.
They have separate syntax for them in Java.
Scientific prove says that the age of the earth is 4.54 billion.
It has been found from the scientific evidences that the earth was created around 4.54 billion of years age.
From the scientist research and proof it is known that Earth borned.
It is known from scientific evidence that the planet was formed 4.54 billion years ago.
Image of world taken from satellite got from Wikipedia
The picture of the earth through Wikimapia as received from the artificial satellite
An image of the Earth is obtained by an artificial satellite through WikiMapia
Photograph of the earth obtained from artificial satellite through Wikimapia.
Nazrul was a Bengali poet, author, musician, journalist, politician and an army person who pioneered poetic works espousing intense spiritual rebellion against fascism and oppression
Nazrul was always active against injustice and wrong doing as a poet, littérateur, singer, journalist, politician and soldier.
Najrul was always active against impropriety and injustice as an poet, writer, singer, journalist, diplomatic and army.
Nazrul was always in protest against unfairness and injustice as a poet, Musician, journalist, politician and soldier.
At this time he appears to be on the direct fight against British raj.
At this time he started revolt with British rule face to face.
At this time he came down to directly gight with the British ruler.
Once he became involbed in a direct battle against the British rule.
Najrul wrote almost 3000 song and he sang some of them those are called as Najrul song and those are very famous.
Nazrul wrote and composed nearly 3000 songs , which are now known as “Nazrul Sangeet” or “Nazrul Geeti” and widely popular.
Nazrul wrote and composed almost 3000 songs which are now known as ""Nazrul Geeti"" and hugely popular.
Najrul has written and given voice in approximately 5000 songs and this are famous with the name of Najrul's songs or ""Najrul Geeti"".
.Churulia village is located within Jamuria police station in Asansole sub-division.
Churulia village is located at Zamuria thana in Asansol zilla.
the Churuliya village is situated in Asansol's Jamuria Police Station area.
The village Churulia is located in Jamuria Police Station under Asansol Subdivision.
haji started working both as a security guard for grave of paloan and as muezzin of mosque.
At the same he started to work as a volunteer in the burial place of Haji Palwan and the muezzin at the mosque (delivering the Azan).
He started working together as a servant of Haji Palawan's tomb and a muezzin (who announces the hours of prayer from a minaret) of masque.
He started to work simultaneously as a servant to the grave of Haji Pahalwan and as the Muajjin (the man who utters the Ajan (Muslim prayers)) of a Mosque.
He used to travel with this group to different places, learn acting with them and write songs and poems for their plays.
He used to visit different places with this group and learnt acting from them and wrote songs and poems for them.
With this team he used to travel a lot of places,learned acting and also wrote songs and poetry for their drama.
He visited many place with this team, he learned acting with them and sang songs and wrote poem for them.
Thereafter he got admitted in Mathrun High English School that subsequently became known as Nabincharndra Institution.
Next, he was admitted in the Mathrun English High School which was subsequently known as Nabinchandra Institution.
After this he took admission in Mathrun High School, which later became to be known as Nabinchandra Institution.
After this got admitted in Mathur High English School which was later named as Nabinchandra Institution.
He enrolled Nazrul in the seventh class of the Darirampur School in Trishal, Mymensingh District, in the year 1914.
HE ADMITTED ""NAZRUL"" IN THE 7TH STANDARD IN THE YEAR 1914, THE SCHOOL WAS ""TIRSAL DARIRAMPORE"" SITUATED IN THE ""MAYANMANSINGHA"" DISTRICT.
In 1914 he only admitted Nazrul to class seven of ‘Darirampur School’ in Trishal of Mymensingh District.
It he who admitted Nazrul to class VII of Darirampur School at Trisal in Mymensingh district.
After the training was over he started to spend his life in the Karachi Army base as a soldier.
After finishing his study he started to spend his life as a soldier.
After training he starts spending his soldier life in Karachi barracks.
After the end of the training he started living his life in the army quarters of Karachi.
when he was a soldier he took part in 1st world war
He took part in the First World War when he was a soldier.
When he was a solder he took part in the 1st world war.
He took part in the first world war when he was a soldier.
Among these are the novel ""Bandhan Hara"" and the poem ""Kabita Bodhan"", ""Shat Il Arab"", ""Badal Prater Sharab"", ""Agamoni"", ""Kheya Parer Tarani"", ""Quebani"", Muharamr"", ""Fateh -I- Doazadam""
These include the novel 'Bandhan hara' and the poems 'Bodhan', 'Shat-il-Arab', 'Badal Prater Sharab', 'Agomoni', 'Kheya-Parer Tarani', 'Korbani', 'Moharram' and 'Fateha-i-Doajdam'.
Among these there is Bandhan (Tie), a novel and poems such as Bodhan (the awakening), Shat-El-Arab, Badal Prater Sharab (the wine in a rainy morning), Agamani (of arrival), Kheya Parer Tarani (the boat to sail across), Korbani (the sacrifice), Muharram (festival of the Muslims), Fateh-E-Dwadjam.
In this there are novel Bandhan-hara and poems such as 'Bodhan', 'Shat-il-Arab', 'Badal Prater Sharab', 'Agamani', 'Kheya-parer Tarani', 'Korbani', 'Moharram' and 'Fateha-i-Doazdaham'.
The editor of this newspaper, published in the background of Non-cooperation and Khilafat movements, was Sher-e-Bangla Fazlul Haq.
The editor for this magazine, published in backdrop of non cooperation and Khilafat , was Sher-e-Bangla A.K.Fazlul Haq
Sher-e-Bangla A.K. Fazlul Huq was the editor of this newspaper, which was published on the basis of Non-cooperation movement and Khilafat movement.
In the base of Non-cooperation or Khilafat movement this paper was published by Bengal's A.K. Fajul Hawk.
His first song was published in the Baishakh number of 1327 Bengali year of 'Saugat' magazine'
his first song was published in sangat magazines baisakh 1327(bengali year) print
His first song was published in Saogat magazine Boishakh edition in 1327 Bengali years.
His first song was published in the Boishakhi edition of Sougaat magazine in the Bengali calendar year of 1327.
Revolutionary poet Nazrul
Revolutionist Najrul
Revolting Nazrul
Rebellious Nazrul
Give alms
Give beg!
Give me alms!
Give alms!
Rabindranath Thakur to bless this magazine wrote
Rabindranath Tagore blessed this magazine and told:
Rabindranath, by blessing this magazine, had written
.Rabindranath Tagore wrote a benedictory message to this paper.
On 16th January after judgment, Nazrul was punished with one year imprisonment.
nejrul has been punished with one year imprisonment afterthe judgment of 16th january.
Nazrul was sentenced for year in prison with work after the trial on January 16.
Nazrul was sentenced for one year imprisonment after the trial on 16th January.
After that he was treated with Homeopathy and Ayurvedic system of treatment.
After that he was mainly treated with Homeopathy and Ayurvedic treatment.
After that he was treated in Homeopathic and Ayurvedic .
After this he was treated by Homeopathic and Ayurveda medical treatment.
The poet was in Ranchi for four months.
Poet was in Ranchi for four months.
the poet was in ranchi for 4 months.
The poet was in Ranchi for four months.
Both the group had conceded that the primary treatment of the disease was very insufficient and inadequate.
Both the groups agreed on this matter that the treatment at the primary level was insufficient.
Both parties agreed with the issue that, at the primary stage of the diseases, treatment was very rare and insufficient.
Both group told that treatment during the primary stage was not sufficient.
As per the decision of poet’s well wishes, he had been admitted under Dr. Hans Hoff in Vienna.
As per the opinion of the well wishers of the poet, he was admitted under the treatment of Hans Hoff, a doctor of Vienna.
ACCORDING TO THE DECISIONS TAKEN BY THE WELL WISHERS OF THE POET, HE WAS ADMITTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF DOCTOR ""HAYANS HOFF' OF VIENA.
According to the decision of relative poet was admitted under Dr.Hanes Hof.
Soon after this chief minister of West Bengal, Dr Bidhan Chandra Roy went to Vienna and had a detailed discussion with from Dr. Hans Hoff.
Soon after this, the chief minister of West Bengal Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy went to Vienna and listened in detail to everything from Dr. Hans Hoff.
After this West Bengal chief minister Dr. Bidhan Chandra Ray went to Vienna and hear the details from Dr. Hanes.
Soon after that the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Dr. Bidhan Chandran Roy went to Vienna and listened to Dr. Hans Hoff thoroughly.
on 29th febuary(laep year)he was awarded the ""EKUSHEY(21)"" award
He was honored with 21st award on 21st february.
The same year, on 25th February he was honored with the ""Ekushe Padak""
On 21st January of the same year he was awarded with ‘Ekushey Padak’.
In his last right,""Namaj""(prayer)10,000 people gathered at the sight.
Around 10 thousands of people took part in the Namaz (prayer) of his janaza (funeral ceremony).
Around 10 thousand people joined this funeral.
In his prayer of Janaja about 10 thousand peoples participated.
Another famous poem of this time is Kamal Pasha.
On the same time another famous poem is Kamal Pasa.
The another famous piece of poetry that was written at the same time is Kamal Pasha
The another famous poem written at this time is “Kamal Pasha”
The first writings of Najrul was ""Baunduler Aatmakahini"".
First literature of Najrul was ""Bounduler Atmakahini"".
The first essay written by Nazrul was ""Bounduler Atta-kahini""
The first prose creation of Nazrul was '""Baunduler Atmakahini"" (""Life of a Vagabond"").
Muzaffar Ahmed was the pioneers of communist movement in this country.
Muzaffar Ahmad was the pioneer of the foundation of the socialistic movement in this country.
Mujjaffar Ahmed was a pioneer of socialist movement in this country.
Muzaffar Ahmed was the leader of the foundation of the socialistic movement in this country.
And the objective of Khilafat movement was to maintain feudal rule of middle age in Turkey as almost all Muslims believed that head of that integrated sultanate and the Sultan of Turkey was a Khalifa of the Muslim world.
And the purpose of the Khilafat Movement was to maintain the equilibrium of the middle-century kingdom of the Turks, because this Turk kings were thought as the International Khalifa by the Muslims.
And the objective of the 'Khilafat' (Caliphate) movement was to carry on the feudal system in Turkey because the head this combined Sultani administration and the Sultan (King) of Turkey were considered to be the 'Khalifa' (Caliph) by the Muslims of all parts of the world.
And the reasons for Khilafat revolution was to help to keep the ruling of the Turkish in the middle-age
Najrul's position against orthodox, conservative, superstitious were very strong.
Nazrul had a strict stand against rigidity, dominance, religious-blindness,superstition.
Nazrul was strict against bigotry, fanaticism and superstitions.
Nazrul’s stand against orthodox, conservation, fanaticism and superstition was hard.
In election he does not get so much achievement.
He did not have much success at the election.
he was not that successful in the election
He did not get such success in election.
External communication
External links
Outer connection
External link
Subject: Bengali Novelists
Subject category: Bengali novelist
Subject: Bengali literature
Subject category: Bengali Novelist
In it's memory many jobs are can stroed, & a result any time there is a job which can performed by cpu.
With this, more than one job can be performed in the memory, so always some jobs are ready which can be done by the CPU.
For this in the memory there can be more than one job at a time, so always a job is ready which can be done by CPU.
In this memory can do more number of work in same time as a result always their will be some job which is done by CPU.
The measured unit of operating system is Process or Job.
The primary unit of operating System is Process or Job.
Fundamental Unit of operating system is parces of job.
Process or job is the unit of operating system works.
raja suraksha has to be taken initial
And the security measures save the computer from the internal as well as external attacks.
And security is used to protect computer outside and inside attack.
And the security steps protect the computer from external or internal attack
The processing has to be completed within this time span, else the system becomes inactive.
The processing has to be finished by the time limit otherwise the system is considered as unsuccessful.
It has to complete its processing in the time limit.
The processing must have to be completed within that time otherwise the system would consider as failed.
This war begun on 26th March, 1971 when the Pakistani Army plunged into the innocent Bengalis in the darkness of the night.
This war began on March 26, 1971 when Pakistani armed forces suddenly attacked the unarmed Bengalis in the dark of the night.
The war started when the Pakistan army attacks the armless Bengali people on a dark night of 26th March, 1971.
March 26 in 1971 this war is begun, when Pakistani army attacked the innocent people in the darkness of night.
The combined attacks of both the Indian and Salvation armies expedited the fall of the encroaching Pakistani army
Combine attack of Mukti Bahini (Liberation Army of Bangladesh) and Indian attack quicken the fall of Pakistani army.
The joint attack of Muktibahini and the Indian armed forces quickened the fall of Pakistani occupant force.
muktibahini and indian forces defeated pakistani troops by attacking them together
With this horrible attacks by the Pakistani Army the 9 months' long War of Independence of Bangladesh was started.
With this dangerous attack of Pakistani Army starts the fight of freedom in Bangladesh continuously for 5 yrs.
The freedom fight of Bangladesh was started along with the terrible attack of the Pakistan army.
Terrible war stated by the pakistani soldiers through attacking banglades and freedom war begins month after month.
Due to language this movement became violent for the year 1592, 21st february.
The movement for language reached its prominence on 21st February, 1952.
On 21st February 1952 this revolution took a big place due to the language factors.
On 21st February 1952, this language movement becomes huge.
In 1965, the war of India and Pakistan for Kashmir had aggravated the fear of insecurity among the Bengalis.
The India PAkistan war in 1965 on Kashmir issue made the Bengalis more scared about their security.
The Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 over Kashmir also highlighted the sense of military insecurity among Bengalis
A sense of insecurity criped in among the Bengalis of Bangladesh becuse of the Indo-Pak war in 1965 for Kashmir issue.
The political conditions of Pakistan reached to the extreme dramatic stage when the largest party of the East Pakistan the Awami League could secure the single absolute majority in the first general elections of Pakistan in 197 since its independence.
The political situation of Pakistan reached its climax when the major East Pakistan political party, Awami League got the majority in the first general election in 1970.
Political situation in Pakistan had to face a dramatic moment when in the first general election in 1970 East Pakistan Awami League, the largest party of East Pakistan secured sweeping majority.
.The political situation in Pakistan took a dramatic turn when the largest political party of East Pakistan,the East Pakistan Awami League secured absolute majority in the first general election of Pakistan in 1970.
Through this speech he placed four demands prior to the assembly of Jatiyo Parishad on 25th March.
On 25 March he reposed a four point conditions in National Assembly Meeting:
In this speech he submitted a four fold demands before the assembly of the National Council scheduled to be held on 25th March.
Four demand in four segment was placed in the conference of 25the march in National Council.
.The government of Pakistan in spite of such a devastating natural calamity,procrastinated in conducting emergency relief operations.
But the Government of Pakistan wasted time before commencing relief work even after such a horrible natural disaster.
but pakistani government hadn't took any step to help even after the this disaster
But Pakistan government habitual delay in relief work after this awful natural disaster.
The patience of the agitated people of the East Pakistan crossed the limit in this decision.
The temper limit of angry East Pakistan people is crossed on this decision.
The realms patience of the agitated East Pakistanis were pulverized by this decision.
Angered people of East Pakistan crossed the limit of their patience in this decision.
Almost all of this ""Governmental passengers"" were Pakistani armies in civil dress.
MOST OF THESE GOVERNMENT PASSENGERS WERE FROM THE PAKISTANI MILITARY IN PLAIN CLOTH.
Most of these ""Government Passengers"" were Pakistani soldiers in civilian dress.
Almost all of these ""official passengers"" were the soldiers of the Pakistani military forces in disguise.
As a part of this, the Bengali members of the arm force were disarmed and killed, students and people of intellectual society were killed and the common people were killed drastically throughout Bangladesh.
As a part of this, the Bengali members of the military force were un armed and killed, the society for students and the intellectual s were destroyed and all the common people of Bangladesh were killed without any discrimination.
As a part of this, the Bengali members of the military force were murdered after making disarmed, students and intellectual society were murdered and in whole Bangladesh, general people were murdered without any considerations.
Being part of this conspiracy,the Bengali section of the armed forces were murdered after taking their weapon back.Students, aristrocrats and other common population of the Bangladesh were also murdered brutally.
Before mid-night, Dhaka was fully burning, mainly the Hindu areas in the East.
Dhaka was completely burning before the midnight,specially the Hindu dominated area of east side.
Before midnight, Dhaka was burning, especially Hindu areas on the eastern side.
LONG BEFORE MIODNIGHT, THE ENTIRE DHAKA WAS ENGULFED IN FIRE, ESPECIALLY THE EASTERN PART OF THE CITY WHERE HINDU WERE IN MAJORITY.
On 26th March in the radio station of Chittagong some workers and local Awami League Leaders M.A. Hannah first announced about the freedom declared in every miking.
On 26th March some of the officials of Chattagram Radio Station and the local Awami League leader M.A. Hannan publicized with mikes for the first time the declaration of independence by Seikh Mujib.
on 26th march in chattagram some workers and local awami league leader M.A. hannan first read the shekh mujib's anouncent about independent bangladesh
.The paper containing the declaration of independence by Shaikh Mujib was first publicized by few officials of Chittagong radio station and local Awami League leader M.A.Hannan through miking.
And through this declaration in 1971 liberation struggle of nine months' duration commenced in Bangladeh.
Nine months war started in Bangladesh on 1991 with this announcement.
And with this declaration in 1971, a nine moths' long war for freedom was initiated in Bangladesh.
and with this announcement in 1971 there started the 9th month long revolt for independence.
After committing genocide Pakistani army planned to bring the whole Bangladesh under their control within April 10.
after mass killing in dhaka the pakistanis planned to control the whole country by 10th april.
Pakisthan government try to take the rule of Bangladesh after a massive killing of Bangladeshi people on 10th april
After the genocides in Bangladesh, Pakistan had planned to have entire country under their control by 10th April.
From July to September
July to September
From July to September
From July to September.
Three brigades (11 batallion) were created to fight face to face.
To fight in this war they made three brigade(11 battalion).
three brigades(11 battalions) were raised to fight face to face battle.
For face to face war three brigades (11 battalion) were made.
The word Wiki came from word Wiki-Wiki which is in Howai language, meaning of this is 'run okfast'.
The word 'Wiki' has come from the Hawaiian term 'Wiki Wiki' which means 'to run fast'.
The word 'wiki' come from the Hawaii word 'wiki-wiki' which means 'quick run'.
The word Wiki has its origin from the Hawaiian language wiki-wiki, which means 'to run fast'.
The Regular Force of Bangladesh attacked Kamalpur, Bilonia,Boyra border posts and occupied 90 out of 307.
it has evoloved into a city with myriads of colors blending the past with the present and effusing warmth that touches
The regular force of Bangladesh attacked in the border posts such as Kamalpur, Bilonia, Boyra etc and captured 90 out of 307 posts.
the regular forces of bangladesh attacked 307 border posts like kamalpur, bilonia , bayra etc. and captured 90 of them.
Two fighter planes were specially sent with the intention of the attack in Agra, deep of India.
Two fighter planes were specially sent to India to attack Agra.
Two fighter planes were especially sent to hit Lucknow, deep inside Indian land.
two fighterplanes influenced to attack agra.
pakistani's are gathering strengths in some places but the combined force passed them to each dhaka.
PAKISTANI MILITARY GATHERED THEIR MILITARY POWER AND AMMUNITION IN LIMITED PLACES;THE UNITED MILITARY FORCE GRADUALLY STARTED MOVING TOWARDS DHAKA AT A RAPID SPEED, PKISTANI MILITARY DIDN'T HAD ANY CLUE OF THEIR MOVEMENT.
The Pakistanis had gathered their armies in a few places; the joint front was heading rapidly towards Dhaka without being seen through by them.
Pakistan gathered their army in a smaller area; coalition army started moving fast towards Dhaka avoiding the Pakistani army.
Poland too voted against the motion.
Poland also voted against the resolution.
Poland also voted against the proposal.
Poland also voted against the proposal.
On December 6 diplomatic recognition of Bangladesh was officially announced by the Indian Government.
.On 6th of December the diplomatic recognition to Bangladesh was formally conveyed on behalf of the government of India.
On 6th December India had officially declared its diplomatic recognition of Bangladesh.
on 6th december official announcement was made about the political status about bangladesh.
New Delhi
New Delhi
New Delhi
New Delhi
In the memorandum of surrender was signed by the Indian Lt. General J.S.Arora and Pakistani Lt. General A.A.K Niazee.
the agreement of surrender is signed by lt. general j.j .arora and pakistani lt. gen. a.a.k niaji
Signatures of Indian Lt. Gen. J. S. Aurora and Pakistani Lt. Gen. A. A. K. Niazi on the dcocument of surrender
I invite the United Nations to arrange for peaceful transfer of power.
In order to take the power in peace I am asking the national organiuzation to take this power.
I had invited the United Nations to take initiative for peaceful handing over of powers.
Send warm wishes to your near and dear ones on .. click here
Once Niazi expressed his intention to surrender,the Indian troops accompanied by the freedom fighters entered Dhaka city at 10;40 A.M. Once Niazi expressed his
After the expression of wish to surrender of Niyaji, the Nagra Force enters the city of Dhaka with the liberation-fighters (Muktiyoddha) at 10:40 in the morning.
Members of these groups thought that India's liberty could be achieved only through armed struggle.
After Niazi expressed willingness to surrender, at 10.40 AM Nagra's force entered Dhaka along with the 'muktiyoddhas'.
On 16 December Pakistani army Surrendered but it took till 22 December to surrender all Pakistani army.
Though on 16th December Pakistan army surrendered, it took till December 22nd for the entire Pakistanis to give up.
Though the Pakistan army surrendered on 16th Decmeber but it became 22nd December to surrender all the army of the country.
Though the Pakistani Army had surrender on 16th December, it took up to 22nd December to get all the Pakistanis surrendered in the whole country.
.The dead bodies of intellectuals are seen in a photograph taken from the Rayer Bazar confined ground immediately after the war (courtesy photo:Rashid Talukdar,1971)
after war a photo from baddhabhumi showing dead bodies of the people(photo by: rashid talukdar, 1971)
Dead bodies of intelligentsia in the photograph taken just after the war from Rayerbazar killing ground (courtesy photo: Rashid Talukdar, 1971).
International reaction
Foreign reaction
Reactions of the external worlds.
reaction of outer world
Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of West Pakistan would mean total Soviet domination of the region, and that it would seriously undermine the global position of the United States and the regional position of America's new tacit ally, China.
.Nixon thought that Soviet hegemony will be established in that area because of Indian aggression in West Pakistan,which will cause great harm to the regional presence of the United States and her possible new ally China in the world.
Nixon thought that if India attacked West Pakistan then Soviet Union would dominate the whole region and United States would lose its global position and the regional position with China, the new friend.
Nixon had afraid of that due to the aggression of India in the West Pakistan there might be a possibility of Soviet dominance in those regions, and which might be harmful, for both, the USA and its possible new friend China, to the presence of their strategic locations.
india is expecting such an attack with this thought nikson pressurised china to send its forces to india-china border such that india should go backfoot in india pakistan war but china in contrary pressurised to end the the war.
.In comprehension of any Indian plan for this type of attack,Nixon encouraged China to mobilize troops alongside their border with India so that India is discouraged to go in confrontation with Pakistan;but China did not take any such step,rather they continue to put pressure for immediate ceasefire considering the fact that in spite of their victory in the Sino-Indian war of 1962,they could not forget the impact of the damages caused by that war.
Assuming Indian invasion, Nixon encouraged China to post its armed forces along its border with India to discourage the fight between India and Pakistan but China did not take such action and started pressurizing for an immediate ceasefire because they did not forget their heavy losses during the 1962 Sino-Indian War despite its victory.
Assuming that India is planning such an attack, Nixon influenced it to place armed forces at its borders with India so that India abstains from attacking Pakistan; however, China took no such step, rather they created pressure for immediate suspension of war because though they won the Sino-Indian War in 1962 but could not forget till then the loss they had to suffer.
This negligence of United Nation regarding the crisis of East Pakistan was severely criticized.
Neglect of this crisis in East Pakistan by the United Nations was widely criticized.
The negligence of Leage of Nations of the critical situation in east Pakistan is pervasively criticized.
The UNO's negligence on the issue of the East Pakistan's crisis was harshly condemned.
Dhaka University at the time of Bangladesh Liberation War
Role of University of Dhaka in Bangladesh Liberation War.
Dhaka university in Bangladesh liberation war
Dhaka University in the liberation war of Bangladesh.
HTML Headings: HTML Headings are written using <h1> to <h6> tag.
HTML Headings: HTML Headings from <h1> to <h6>tag is used.
HTML or html Headings: html Headings are written using tags from <h1> to <h6>
Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) is registered as a ""Public Limited Company"".
Dhaka Stock Exchange is known as and registered as Public Limited Company.
Dhaka Stock Exchange(DSE) is registered as a public limited company.
Dhaka Stock Exchange (D.S.E.) is registered as a 'Public Limited Company'.
Subject:Economy of Bangladesh
Subject-class: Economics of Bangladesh
special category:bangladesh's economy
Table of content: Economy of Bangladesh
In 2008 she left Kolkata as Indian Islamic priests and Moulanas have threatned to kill her.
But due to the remonstration of the Islamic religious leaders and the life threat from the fundamentalists, she had to leave Calcutta in 2008.
She was forced to leave India in 2008 because of the from the Islamic clerics and life threats from the fundamentalists
But due to objection of Indian Islam religion and due to threatening of Moulabi for killing he had to move away from Kolkata on 2008.
Life in exile
Banished life
Exiled Life
residing life
The 60% of the Earth is water.
Water covers 60% of the Earth's surface
60% of world is occupied by water.
Total 60% of Earth has water.
From the atmosphere rain falls to mountains, surface and rivers.
Originated from the atmosphere rain falls down on mountains, plain lands, rivers and canals.
The rain that is created in the atmosphere falls on the mountains, hills, plains, rivers, nullah and other water bodies.
Rain falls to the hill, mountains, river, tunnel, channel, lake from the atmosphere.
Water may turn into destroyer of life instead of life-saver for lakhs of people.
Sometimes, in place of life saver, water become the destroyer of lakhs of lives.
Where water saves lives sometimes takes lakhs and lakhs of lives.
water sometimes instead of saving life,destroys lakhs of animals
A list of books and essay
List of book and essay
Epic and creative list
Books an the list of the writings
Essay collections
Essay collection
Literature writing.
Collection of Short Stories
Forashi Premik (French Lover), 2002
French lover, 2002
Farasi Premik (French Lover), 2002
Pharasee Lover, 2002
Leaders of some religious organisation announced the death penalty for her.
Some religious organization proclaimed his death punishment.
Few religious organizations declared death sentence for him
Leaders of some religion based political parties
Hitler was the Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and he was the Fuhrer (leader) of the country from 1934 to 1945.
Hitler was the chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and was the fuehrer of that country from 1934 to 1945.
Hitler had been the Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 as well as the Furor of this country from 1934 till 1945.
Hitler was the chancellor of Germany in between 1933 to 1945 and after that he become the Fuhrer of that country in the time period 1934-1945.
Main Power of War German Captured few area of Europe, Africa and Asia.
The power under Germany and another war power European continent and Africa, Asia collectively captured many areas.
The German lead axis power of the war conquered the continent of Europe, Africa and a large part of Asia.
The main power with German as its leader captured continent like Europe and many parts of Africa and Asia.
Childhood and youth
Childhood and youth days.
Adolescent and youth.
Young and middle age
But he loves and respect his mother .
His love and respect for his mother was boundless.
But he has no shortage of respects and love for his mother.
But there was no less of love and respect towards mother.
As a artist she had a great chance.
He have a great chance as an artist.
He was much promising as an artist.
as an artist he had more scope.
On 1994 February he tried to get admitted in Austria Armed Force.
In year 1914 he tried to join in the military force of Austria.
In 1914 he tried to join the Austrian army.
In February, 1914 he tried to Join Austrian Armed Forces.
In 1915 in the month of august he has been given a faster class iron.
He was given the first class iron course in the year 1918.
First Class Iron Cross was given to him in August, 1918.
In August, 1918 he was given the first class iron cross.
The black party of Munikh started working as army political agent on September.
In September, he stared to work as a Military Political Agent in “German Workers Party”, a small party in Munich.
On September Miunikhar Kosudar joined ""German Workers Party"" as Political Agent and started his work.
In September, he started to work as a Military political agent for a small group called German Workers party in Munich.
But this coup became unsuccessful.
But this coup resulted in failure.
.
But this coup failed ultimately.
Subject category: German Chancellor
subject class: German chancellor
Subject: German Chancellor
Category: German Chancellor
This huge city is divided into 33 political units.
This great city area is divided into 33 political units.
This city is divided into total 33 political unit.
This large urban area is subdivided into 33 political units.
The democracy had weakened due to complete national control by the Awami League and the Central Government.
Around 50 years this part became a Roman state in London.
Around the year 50, London was established in this very part as a Roman colonial city.
In 50 A.D, in this part London was established as a Roman colonial city.
City of Westminster: The City of Westminster is situated around two miles upper from the City of London.
City of Westminster: City of Westminster is situated around 2 miles up from City of London.
City of West Minister: About 2 mile above the City of London is the City of West Minister.
City of Westminister: City of Westminister is situated 2 miles from the city of London at a higher altitude.
Western End: Trafalgar Square is situated in west end of west and north London.
Western end: The Western Trafelgar and in the North is located the Western end of London.
Western Part: The Western part of London is situated in the West and North of Trafalgar Square.
Western end: West Trafalgar Square and the western end of London is located towards the north
Here you will found House Park, King stone Garden and Regontos Park of kings park is situated.
But here only, the royal parks such as Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens and Regent parks are situated.
But right at this place some of the aulic parks such as Hide Park, Kenningston Gardens and Regents Park etc are located.
This is the place where the royal parks like the Hide Park, Kenningston Garden and Regents Park are located.
.Despite the fact that this area is the residence of poor immigrants,it is famous for the roadside market during the weekly holidays.
Though poor villagers live here but during the weekend market beside the road become famous.
Though it is the place for living of poor people but the market on the road side during holidays became famous.
Even though it is a living place of poor, the by-pass market here becomes very popular during weekend holidays.
Like Hampstead (center of famous writers) and Highgate (the mostly known burial place of London).
Like the Hampstid (main place of the renowned writer)and High Gate (where most renowned graveyard of London is placed).
For example Hampstead ( the centre for the famous writers) and Highgate ( where the most known cremation ground of London is located)
For example, Hampstead (centre of famous writers) and Higate (most famous burial ground of London).
Recently this stage has been renovated.
Recently the renovation of the theatrical stage has been done.
Recently this drama stage has been reconstructed.
After that the making of this dramatic stage was made.
Subject: City of England
Subject category: England City
Subject: City of England
Content: The cities of England
Swine Influenza is virus of Pigs' Influenza.
Swine Influenza is the influenza virus of pigs.
Swine influenza is a influenza virus of Pig.
Swine flu is the virus of Pig flue
Besides, the Bengali Encyclop?dia published in 1972 from Dhaka in four parts is mentionable in this regard.
Apart from that, the 4 volume encyclopedia published from and edited by Khan Bahadur Abdul Hakim in 1972, is mentionable.
Moreover 4th parts of Bangla encyclopedia published from dhaka and edited by Khan Bahadur Abdul Hakim is mentionable.
In year 1972 Khan Bahadur Abdul Hakim made a Bengali World cell which has total four part.
The virus influenza is harmful for human body.
Influenza A virus is harmful for human being.
Influenza virus is harmful for human.
Influenza ‘A’ virus is harmful for human beings.
Great books of the Western world
Great Books of the Western World
Great Books of the Western World
Great Books of the Western World.
Since this virus was not present before among human beings, therefore some people had died for not creating resistance against it in the beginning.
As this virus was not present among the humans before so in lack of the vaccination for this virus some people died.
.Since this virus was not present among human race earlier,some people died due to lack of preventive measures.
As this virus was not there before in the human community many people died for lack of immunity.
France which is surrounded by Atlantic ocean, Mediterranean sea,Alps mountain & pirenix mountain has been acted as a link for geographical,economical & language between north and south Europe for many days.
extended from mediterranean sea to mountain ranges of the Alps in the south-east france acts as the link between the north and south europe.
France bounded by the Atlantic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, Alps Mountain and the Pyrenees Mountain plays an important role as a geographical, economical and lingual link in the middle of north south Europe.
France, surrounded by Atlantic ocean, Mediterranean sea, Alps mountain range and Pyrenees mountain range, is acting for long as geographical, economic and lingual connecting link between north and south Europe.
This was not seen in the case of Avian Influenza.
Which is seen in case of Avian Influenza.
That is not seen in case of avian influenza.
What was not seen in case of Avian Influenza.
Unitary mentality in politics and the development of private firms is the main norm of this New France.
Main characteristics of France was political development.
The main characteristics of this new France are the emergence of the central inclination and development of private sectors.
The development of central tendencies in politics and non governmental institutions are the basic characteristics of this New France.
Among the symptoms of Swine Flu are, having fever, headache, pain of throat and body, breathing problem, Kosudamonda and tiredness, decreasing of weight etc.
The symptoms of Swine flue are Fever, Headache, Body and throat pain, Difficulty breathing, not feeling hungry,fatigue and weight loss etc.
The symptoms that reveals that one is infected by swine flue are: fever, headache, throat and body pain, loss of appetite and weariness with loss of weight.
The symptoms of swine flu include fever, headache, throat and body ache, Difficulty in breathing, lack of appetite and energy and loss of weight etc.
Administrative regions
Administrative Regions
Administartive areas
Administrative divisions
Fomite or the inert articles like knob of the doors, keyboard of the computers, mouse etc should always be kept clean with insecticides.
Fomite or non living objects like Door Knob, Computer key board, Mouse etc to keep it clean.
Keep clean the fomite like the door knob, computer key board, mouse etc with germicide.
Fomite or non-biological elements like door knobs, computer keyboard, mouse should be cleaned with sterilizer.
Bordeaux is one of the main cities on the Garonne River in southwest France.
Bordeaux on the bank of the Garonne river is a principal town in south-west France.
Bordeaux, the main city of Southern-Western France lies on river Garon.
Bordeaux is the main city of the France.
The collected sample is preserved in Virus Transporter Media(VTM) and then sent to diagnosis lab.
The collected samples Virus Transport Media (VTM)- It is preserved and brought in Diagnosis Lab
The collected sample is stored in Viral Transporter Media ( VTM )and brought to the sample Diagonistic Lab
Collected specimen is brought to diagnosis lab by preserving them in viral transport media (VTM).
Politics
Politics
Politics
Politics
It is assumed that this epidemic was started during the month of March, 2009.
It is suspected that this Epidemic started from March of 2009.
It has been assume that this epidemic was started from the month of march 2009.
Supposedly the swine flu pandemic started in March, 2009.
There is not much found about the first people of France.
Nothing important can be known regarding the people of France.
No such important information is available about the first ever aboriginals of France.
nothing much is known about the first tribe of france.
His symptoms were fever, headache and throat pain.
His symptoms were fever, head ache and throat ache.
His symptoms were fever, headache and sour throat.
SYMPTOMS OF WHICH WAS FEVER,HEAD ACHE AND SORE THROAT.
.At the beginning of 19th and 20th century,strength and economic prosperity of France increased.
In the begining of the 19th and 20th the power and financial capacity of France grew up.
In the 19th century and at the beginning of 20th century, the strength and economic prosperity of the French improved.
In the 19th century and in the beginning of the 20th century powers and economic prosperity of France had been increased.
Swine flu was first detected in Bangladesh on 18th June in 2009.
Swine Flu was first denoted in Bangladesh on 18th June 2009.
The first ever swine flu virus was found in Bangladesh on the 18th June, 2009
On the 18th June of the year 2009, Swine Flu was recognized for the first time in Bangladesh.
On picture France
France in Picture
France in pictures
France in picture
Further reading
Learn More
Know more
Look More
It's capital is Rome.
It's capital city is Rome.
Her capital is Rome city.
It's capital is Rome.
Culture
Culture
Culture
Culture
He is considered the father of zoology.
He is called the father of Biology.
like this in arabic language heppened because of arabs nihayat taking care of usein which according to urdu and farsi there is some difference
He is told to be the father of Zoology.
After the death of Plato, only Aristotle was the fittest to be the chief of the Academy.
In the 347 B.C., after the death of Plato, it was only Aristotle who had the ability to be chief of the academy.
In 347 BC after Plato's death, Aristotle was the only capable candidate to be the chief of the academy.
After the death of Plato in 347 BC, it was Aristotle who was the fittest to head the academy.
After coming to Athens he watched the huge span of Platonism happening in Plato's Academy and now Platonism is the main philosophy in Athens.
After reaching Athens, he observed that in the Plato academy, the Platonism has spreaded and has become popular, and entire Athens is following the philosophy of Plato.
Coming to Athens he observed that Platonism has become extensively popular in Pluto's Academy and Platonism is the principal philosophy of Athens.
Coming to Athens he found that the Platonism was spread largely in the academy of Plato and the Platonism was now the main philosophy of Athens.
At one point of time he proposed six items of demand to establish autonomy for the people which was considered by West Pakistan as a separatism plan.
To establish the rights of the people he proposed a six-folds demand for the autonomy of Bangladesh which was ascribed as a separatist's proposal in the West Pakistan.
to establish the equality rights of the people he once presented 6 point proposal which was discarded by the west pakistan
for the implementation of all rights of the people he at one time presented the proposal of self rule six times which was considered as a separatist plan in west Pakistan.
Subject: Birth in 384 BC
Subject: Birth on 348 BC
Special class : Birth in 384 BC
Kolkata :has long been known for its literary, artistic and heritage
Early life
Primary Life
Primary Life
Primary Life
It can be seen in female placental mammals and marsupials like Kangaroo, female birds, monotremes, and some reptiles.
It can be seen in placental mammals and marsupials like kangaroo or the female bird, monotreme and in the cloaca of some reptiles.
these is found in the meridians and organisms like kangaroo, lady bird, monotrim and in some Reptiles.
It is observed in spinal cord with Amara and in Marsupial animal, like Kangaroo or female bird, Monotrim, and in the region of some Srisrip.
It took too much time to become cure for Superna due to a hard surgery in her eye.
Because he had to undergo a surgery on the eye since his eye was affected by a rare disease and he took a long time to recover from it completely.
Because he had to do a surgery due to a difficult eye problem in his eyes and it took him quite a long time to get well fully.
Because he has to do a surgery in his eye and it took time to completely recover after this surgery.
The last end of Vagina is the caudal end of the vulva.
The terminal end of the vagina is a caudal end of the vulva.
At the end part of vagina there is the ureter at its vesical end.
The vaginal opening is at the caudal end of the vulva
he went to them with a team based on the school act which was also leaded by him.
He demanded to repair the roof of the school with a a group.
He went to them leading a group with a demand of renovating the roof of the school.
He himself led a team that he took to them with a demand for repairing the roof of the school.
He elected as the secretary of “Faridpur District Association”, which was founded with the residents of Faridpur living in Kolkata.
He was nominated the secretary of 'Faridpur District Association' which was formed with the Faridpur inhabitants living in Kolkata.
He became the secretary of the ""Faridpur District Association"" with the people of Faridpur in Kolkata.
He was chosen the Secretary of the ""Faridpur District Association"" which was formed with people who had been living in Calcutta but originated from Faridpur.
IN DEMAND TO ESTABLISH BENGALI AS ANOTHER NATIONAL LANGUAGE, AGITATION LED BY ""SHEIKH MUJIB"" HELP HIM RETURN TO THE MAIN FRAME POLITICS.
Sheikh Mujibar became active in politics with the movement for making Bengali the national language.
Political activity of Saikh Mujib started with participation in movement for establishing bengali as one of the national language
The political activities of Sheikh Mujib was started with his participation in the movements with the demands of making the Bengali language as one of the main official languages.
during masturbation the cervix's mucus glands secrets various mucus enzyme
The cervix's mucus glands release different types of mucus during ovulation.
During the time of secretion of eggs, the mucus glands of the Cervix starts to secrete different types of mucus.
At the time of release of ovum the mucus glands of cervix secrets various types of mucus.
In the occasion of their release, a rally was held by All-party National Language Action Committee in the Battala of Dhaka University, where Mujib presided.
In a rally called upon for the release of them by the All Party State Language Sangram Parishad in the Dhaka University campus which was presided over by Seikh Mujib.
A rally was organized under the direction of Mujib which main aim was to free them and the rally was done by Whole Rastrabhasa sangram parisad in Dhaka University.
.On the occasion of their release, there was a rally under the banyan tree of Dhaka University organized by the All Party Mother Tongue Action Committee which was presided over by Mujib.
It means that virginity doesn't wholly depend on the event whether the hymen is intact or not.
So the virgin theory does not depend on the present or absent of the hymen.
Thereafter, he was considered as one of the rising star in the progressive political arena of the United States of America
Thus theory of virginity does not fully depend on the existence or abstinence of hymen.
the areas which are full of floods cannot take out the injured soldiers
At that time he was expelled from Dhaka University.
At this point of time he was rusticated from Dhaka University.
At this time he was rusticated from the Dhaka University.
And for this the friction due to copulation becomes less.
For this the friction during an intercourse gets reduced.
The friction due to intercourse reduces for this reason.
As a result, friction reduces during sexual activities.
Shake Mujib was arrested to give the direction to the demonstration.
For leading this rally,Sheikh Mujibur was arrested again.
.Shaikh Mujib was arrested again for leading this procession.
Sheikh Muzib again arrested for being the leader of this demostration.
Most probably the G-spot orgasm causes the female ejaculation.
Probably extreme pleasure in G-spot is responsible for ladies ejection.
Probably the G-Spot orgasm (climax) is the cause of ejaculation in women.
The reason for woman ejaculation is probably the extreme sensation of pleasure from g-spot.
On 9th July 1953 he was elected as president after the conference of ""Aoami League"" conducted in East Pakistan.
On 9th July, 1953, he elected as the general secretary after the council conference of Awami League.
On 9th July 1953 he was elected the president of the party after the session of the Awami League in Pakistan.
On 9 July 1953 he was elected as the chief secretary of the party at the council meeting of East Pakistan Awami league.
Doctors usually discourage the practice of douching.
The doctors generally discouraged the practices of Dowshing.
Doctors generally discourage the practice of dousing.
Doctors normally discourage the practice of dousing.
In that case the abcess are more than one and at one stage the internal fluid comes out because of the abcess being burst and severe pain is felt.
In damp maximum abscess took place and when this abscess bust one liquid comes out and high intensity of pain occurred as a result.
In that situation, the number of abscesses is more than one and at some stage the abscess bursts releasing containing liquid, which results in severe pain.
the number of probe is maximized in this matter and at next it is pierced and inner liquid is come out; as a result it feels more pain.
On June 5, 1955 Sheikh Mujib was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly.
.On June 5,1955 Shaikh Mujib was elected as a member of the legislative council.
On 5th June, 1955 Seikh Mujib was nominated in the Legislative Assembly.
Seikh Mujib elected as a member of the Constituent assembly on 5th June, 1955.
Sex
Penis
Penis
At that time, conflict between the French and the company occurred frequently.
on 16th September, Mujib joined the coalition government as minister in the ministry of Industry, Commerce, Labour, AntiCorruption and village aid.
On 16th September Sekh Mujib, joining the coalition government, became the minister of industry, commerce, labor and rural assistance.
On 16 September, Mujibur entered coalition government and took charge of the industries, commerce, labour, anti-corruption and village aid ministry.
On 16th September by joining the collision government he was able to take the responsibility of industry, business, work, stopping of corruption and providing help in villages.
With the other simple student he made a hidden gatherings named Sadhin Bangla Biplobi Porishod whose aim was to work for givinh freedom to Bengal.
alonwith other student leaders he formed independent bengal revolt organisation whose aim was bangladesh's independence.
With extraordinary students' leaders he set up an organization titled 'Swadhin Bangla Biplobi Porishad' which aimed at the freedom of Bangladesh.
He secretly formed an organization in the name of ""Swadhin Bangla Biplabi Parishad"" (Society of Independent Bengali Revolutionists) with extraordinary students, the purpose of which was to work for the independence of Bangladesh.
After the death of Sohrawardi a meeting was organized on 25th January, 1964 at the residence of Seikh Mujib where by a resolution was taken to reconstruct the Awami League again.
.After the death of Sarwardi, it was decided to reorganize the Awami League at a meeting held at the residence of Shaikh Mujib on 25 January,1964.
on 25th january 1964 after the death of sohraodai shekh mujib decide to reorganise awami league in a meeting in his house
After the death of Sohrawardi, on January 25, 1964 in a meeting held at the residence of Mujib the decision to reconsolidate Awami League was taken.
Six point demand.
.Six point demand
6-point autonomy plan.
Six-fold demands
During this travel the police arrested him many a times in Silhet, Moymonsing and Dhaka.
During this tour he was arrested several times by the police in Sillet, Moimonsingha and Dhaka.
.During this tour,he was arrested by the police quite a few times in Sylhet,Mymansing and Dhaka.
While going on n this travel he was caught by police many times in Silate, Moymonsingho and Dhaka.
Just after this incident, a storm of protest was raised throughout the East Pakistan.
Immediately after this a storm of protest rose throughout whole Bangladesh.
Immediately after this there was a storm of protest all over in the Eastern Pakistan.
after this a storm of revolt started in east pakistan
All accused including Mujibur were released.
Along with it, all the accused including Shaikh Mujeeb were freed
with this all accused along with shekh mujib are released.
Along with this all the alleged prisoners including Seikh Mujib were released.
The leather crafts, an excellent instance of modern art and craft in West Bengal
.As a result of this announcement by Shaikh Mujib,the humming sound spread all over the country.
This declaration of Mujib created a nation wide humming.
As a result of this declaration of Mujib, a buzz spread throughout the whole country.
The result of the election polarised the two parts of Pakistan.
The results of the election polarized the two parts of Pakistan.
Polarization started in both parts of Pakistan due to results of Election
In Bangladesh, the strong linguistic consciousness led to the Bengali Language Movement,
""Perhaps this is our last message, from today Bangladesh is an independent state.
""May be these are my last words, Bangladesh is independent from today.
""This might be my last message; Bangladesh is independent from today onwards.
probably this is my last message, from today bangladesh is free.
A big revolt was organized under the leadership of the Salvation army in the East Pakistan.
Revolutions on large scale led by 'Muktibahini' took place in East Pakistan.
A big revolt started to gather in East Pakistan lead by the Liberation army.
In East Pakistan in the leadership of Open Army a big revolution started to gather.
Governance in Bangladesh
The administration of Bangladesh
Government of Bangladesh
The Governance in Bangladesh
On the west is WAles and on the north Scotland.
Wales is on west and Scotland is on north.
Wales and North Scotland are on the Western side.
Wales is located in the western part and Scotland is in the north.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom; it is situated at the south-east part of England.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom; this city is located to the South-Easter part of England.
London is the capital of England; It is located South-East side of England.
Mujib had given his interim Legislature to write a constitution and declared four principles, say, 'Nationalism', 'Secularism', 'Democracy' and 'Socialism' which were also known as 'Mujibbad' (Mujibism).
Mujibur gave responsibility to the provisional parliament to write a new constitution and he declared nationalism, secularism, democracy and socialism as the four fundamental principles which are known as Mujibism.
Mujib gave the responsibility of forming a new constitution to the parliament under him and declared four principal policy of Nationalism, secularism, democracy and socialism which are also known as ""Mujibbad"".
Mujib entrusted his interim parliament to write a new constitution and declared 'nationalism', 'secularism', 'democracy' and 'socialism' as the four basic principles which are is known as 'Mujibism'.
It is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council and a member of G8, NATO, European Union and the Commonwealth of Nations.
It is a permanent member of the United Nations' Security Council, and member of G-8, NATO, European Union and Commonwealth of Nations.
It is a permanent member of UN and also the member of G8,NATO,European Union, and Commonwealth of Nations.
This is a permanent member of the Security Council of United nations member of G8, Nato, European Union and Commonwealth of Nations
Due to strong demands from the Islamic communities the production and sales of the alcoholic goods and gambling were banned.
Due to heavy demand of Islamic clans production and sale of alcohol and gambling were banned.
As an result of the Islamic groups the making of alcohol and gambling was stopped.
He banned the production and sale of alcohol and practice of gambling on the demand of the Islamic group.
a notable extent of the areas of southern,western and eastern Africa was also under the control of Britain.
library given quantity and according to their consideration from 56 thousand to 97 thousand middle citizen were also have their killed Karoshiai camps
SIGNIFICANT AREA OF SOUTH, WEST AND EAST AFRICA WAS UNDER THE CONTROL OF GREAT BRITAIN.
Major portion of south, west and east Africa was under British control.
No elections were organised at the grass roots levels.
At this time no election was held in the grass-root level.
At this time there was no election for the Trinamul status.
at this time no elections have been conducted at the Trinamool level.
There are Westminster style bicameral administrative system in United Kingdom.
""Dikkosio"" administrative system is existing in Westminster province of United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom Westminster System of government exists.
West Minister rule system is situated in united states.
In short, the ""Bakshal"" party was the only legitimate party during that time.
In short the party known as Baksal was the only affilated party.
and the thing of praise of tasawwuf it has many praised from many people
Almost 250 peoples live here in per sq km of land.
Around 250 people live here in every square kilometer.
Here almost 250 people live in one square kilo Meter.
Here about 250 people lives in every square kilometer
Prohibition was imposed on their returning to Bangladesh.
An order of prohibition was issued against their return to Bangladesh.
.Declaration was made prohibiting their return to Bangladesh.
ban was imposed on their return to bangladesh
Other ran away to abroad.
Rest of the people ran away abroad
The others ran away in the foreign countries.
The others had fled to abroad.
London is still the most important center of business and economics.
Up to now London is one of the most important business and economic hub in the world.
London still is one of the most important commercial and economic centers of the world.
Still In world London is a very important center of Business and economy
England
.
England
England
Tourism
Tourism
Tourism
Tourism
Disinterest to Mujib was seen in the post Mujibur’s death Governments .
Succeeding government did not show any interest in Mujibur’s death.
It has been witnessed that the governments in power after Mujib's death were indifferent towards Mujib.
The government formed after the death of Mujib Rehamen not shown sufficient interest in Mujib.
Biography- from the website of Awami League
from the website of Jiboni-Awaamileague
Biography-from the website of Aoyami League.
Biography- From Awamileague website
The human being (Homo Sapiens) is not an exception of this.
Humans as a species (Homo sapiens) are not an exception to this.
Homo sapiens are also not different from it.
Homo sapiens are not any exception.
The population of the country was a little higher than 14 crores 45 lacs in 2003.
In 2003, the population of the country was little more than 14.45 millions.
In year 2003 total population of this country was more than 144500000.
The population of this country was little bit higher than 140.45 million, in the year of 2003.
The results of reproduction are physical pleasure and growth of own kinds.
The result of sex is to have pleasure and reproduction
The result of sex is bodily pleasure and to increase the family.
The result of breeding is to enjoy physical pleasure and extension of family.
Christianity is the main religion of Russia.
Christianity is the main religion for russian.
Christianity is the principal religion of Russia.
Christ is the main religion of Russia.
In that case, the human being gets extreme pleasure.
In this case, people get extreme pleasure.
In this case, the human get the ultimate pleasure.
In this human get maximum enjoyment.
On 1991 after Soviet Union breaks down Russia welcomed the free market and the all over democracy system.
Russia welcomed open market economy and democracy after Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
In 1991 when Soviet Union collapsed, Russia welcomed open market and democracy.
Russia welcomes open market and democracy after the collapse of Soviet Union in 1991.
Stimulation
Foreplay
Shringar
Fore Play
In case of women there is no secretion happens like semen.
In case of women no fluid comes out of vagina like male ejaculation.
In case of women no secretion or discharge like ejaculation takes place.
For woman there no liquid comes out of their vagina.
see more
See also
see more
See more
The software for reading email is Thunderbird.
Thunderbird is used for reading email.
Thunderbird is an email reading software
Thunderbird is E-mail reading software.
At last Christians succeeded..
At last christian succeeded.
Eventually the Christians became successful.
Finally, the Christians succeeded.
In the case of an email two software does the work.
There are two main software that helps to send email.
Two main software work to send email.
Two main software function in case of sending emails.
Web based emails
Mail base on internet.
webbasis e-mail
Web browsing e-mail
Spain is connected with Portugal to the West and with France and Andorra to the North-East.
Spain is bordered to the west with Portugal and to the north-eastern side with France, Andorra
Portugal is in the west side of Spain and France is in North East side.
On the west, Spain borders Portugal; On the northeast, it borders France and Andorra.
In the country 96% Christians are Catholics.
In the whole country 96% are Catholic Christian.
There is 96% catholic Christian across the country.
96% citizens in the whole country are Catholic Christians.
As an respect to Devi Durga King Bollan Sen established a temple over there.
King Ballal Sen, to show his devotion, constructed a temple in the name Goddess Durga.
Showing respect to the Goddess ‘Durga’, King Ballal Sen built a temple in that region.
.As a respect to goddess Durga,King Ballal Sen constructed a temple in that area.
The capital Jahangir Nagar was named after Mughal Emperor Jahangir.
The capital was named 'Jahangirnagar' after the name of emperor Jahangir.
Based on Emperor Jahangir’s name the capital was named Jahangirnagar.
The capital was named as Jahangirnagar after the name of the emperor Jahangir.
Macro economics
Micro economics
Micro Economics
Microeconomics
After Sah Suja in 1660 Subedar Meer Jumla moved capital to Dhaka.
After the defeat of Shah Suja, Subedar Mir Zumla again moved the capital to Dhaka in 1660.
.After the downfall of Shah Suja in 1960 A.D. Subedar Mir Jumla again transferred the capital to Dhaka.
Afterthe declining of Saha Suja in 1660 AD the Mur Jumela of Subeda was again replaced in the capital Dhaka.
When analysis starts from the common imagined conditions and the other behaviors of the market remain constant, then it is called the analysis of partial equilibrium.
Analysis of change in a single market often proceeds from the simplifying assumption that relations in other markets remain unchanged, that is, partial-equilibrium analysis
An analysis that starts from generally accepted conditions and other behaviors of the market remain unchanged is called partial equilibrium analysis.
When the analysis starts from primitive conditions and the other conditions of market remain unchanged, that is called Partial Equilibrium Analysis.
it is new in the market so every one is thinking asbout that to take or not take
With the recent development of the macro economics, two branches named “Behavioral Economics” and “experimental Economics” have been included.
In the recent development related to micro economics two branches of economics of behavioral economics and experimental economics had been included.
In the recent development of the individual economics there have been included two new branches of economics, they are behavioral economics and experimental economics.
Geographical location extends from 23042' to 23054' North latitude and from 90020' to 90028 East longitude.
Geographical location :From 23 degree 42 minute to 23 degree 54 minute north and from 90 degree 20 minute to 90 degree 28 minute.
Geographic Location: Spread over 23042' to 23054' north latitude and 90020 to 90028 East longitudes.
Geographical location: It is spread out along from 23o42' to 23o54' North latitude and from 90o20' to 90o28' East longitude.
Humidity: Nearly 80%
Humidity of air: Almost 80%
Humidity in air: near about 80 percent
Relative Density: Approximate 80%
Product information can differentiate between apparent and actual measurements which can exactly measure the total amount of money for change in the extra time price level.
All the data on price can differentiate between ordinary and actual measure which can estimate the amount of money for change in price level for additional time.
.Information about cost of goods may make differences between general and actual measurement,which is able to measure the total amount of wealth correctly for the change of cost layer during the additional time.
truth collection of material value can make difference between common and real,which can perfectly measure the amount of total money for change of main level for excessive time.
Rickshaws of Dhaka are famous.
Dhaka's Rickshaw is much famous
Rickshaw of Dhaka is very famous.
dhaka's rickshaw is famous
Original essay: Economic growth and Development economics
.Main article:economic growth and development economics
Main article: Economic growth and economic development
Main story: Economical increment and improving economy
Original essay: Economic process
Main Article: Economic process
Main article: Economical Process
Main Note: Economical Transaction
Hence the money related economics throws light on the financial market, financial matters and the financial structure of companies
.In view of that the economics of financial system deals with the market economy,financial instruments and economic structures.
So economics related to economic systems highlights on money market, economic tools and financial structure of the companies.
this is all about doing right and not doing bad because it is good to do right
Citizen Services
Services to the citizens
Service for people
Service for the citizen.
Main Article: Industrial Organization
Main article:Industrial organization
Original Essay: Industrial organizations
brought the bad incident on the top
Demographics
Community
Human Group
mass people
The Main Article: International Trade and International Economy
Main title:International business and international economic system.
main article: international bussiness and international economy
main essay:international trade and global economy
Almost all the peoples in Dhaka speak in Bengali , though a few peoples can understand and speak in English and Urdu.
All the people living in Bangladesh talks in Bengali, but some peple can both speak and understand Urdu and English.
Almost all the people living in Dhaka talk in Bengali language but few people can also talk and understand English and Urdu.
Most of the people living in Dhaka speak Bengali, but some people can speak and understand English and Urdu.
Apart from this the experimental theater hall of the newly built Shilpa Kala Academy and several other stages are always carrying out the cultural cultivation like a rolling stream through the festivals of drama and music.
Apart from this, newly constructed experimental theatre halls of academies of art and culture and various other kinds of stages and festivals of drama and music are paving the way for cultural progress.
The newly constructed Experimental Hall of the Shilpakala Academy and other stages also carrying forward the cultural tradition through theatres and songs.
In addition newly constructed Experimental Theatre Hall of Art Academy and other stages are continuously advancing the cultural flow through drama and music festivals.
This district education institutions are Government Laboratory High School, Ideal School and College, Vikarunnesha School and College, Dhaka College, Notor Dem College, University Laboratory School, Iden College, East and High School, Agrani Balika Vidyalaya, Ajimpur Girl's School, Begam Badrunesa College, Dhaka Medical College Dhaka Dental College, Dhaka Art College (At present the Charukola Institute of Dhaka).
The Institutions of this Educational district are Government Laboratory University, Ideal School and college, Vikarunnesa School and College, Dhaka College, Notter dam College, University Laboratory School,Eden College, East End High School, Agrani Balika Vidhyalaya, Azimpur Girls School, Begum badrunnisha College, Dhaka Medical College, Dhaka Dental College, Dhaka Art College(presently Charukala Institute of Dhaka University).
The educational institutions of this education districts are: Government Laboratory High School, Ideal School and College, Vicarunnesa School and College, Dhaka College, Notre Dem College, University Laboratory School, Eden College, East End High School, Agrani Balika vidyalaya, Azimpur Girls' School, Begum Badarunnesa College, Dhaka Medical College, Dhaka Dental College, Dhaka Art College (the Charu Kala Institute of Dhaka University at present).
Main Article: Welfare Economics
Original essay: Welfare economics
Main article : Welfare Economics
Main subject: Useful economy.
Untill the '80s decade public educational institutes were the main driving power in the education sector.
Until 80s the public educational institutions were the main driving force behind the education system of Dhaka.
Till the eighties,the Public Educational institutes were the main driving force in the field of education in Bangladesh including Dacca.
Before year 1980 in Dhaka and Bangladesh the main center of education was free public education center.
Original essay: Law and Economics
Main article: Law and economics
Main article: Law and Economics
Main essay:Law and Economics
Main article: Government Economics
Origin: Governmental Monetary System
Dwijendralal Roy, was a writer, dramatist and lyricist,
Total enclosed Governmental Economic Sector.
3.Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Medical university (estblished in 1997)
For a given market of a commodity, demand is the relation of the quantity that all buyers would be prepared to purchase at each unit price of the good
In an existing market of a commodity, its quantity depends on its demand where all the buyers are ready to buy the commodity at its unit price.
In an existing market of a particular good, the quantity of the good depends on its demand where all the buyers are ready to buy each of the good in unit price.
A market filled with goods have the quantity depended on the gods demand per unit of the goods by the people.
Bhorer Kagaj,
Bhorer Kagoj,
Vorer kagoj
Bhorer Kagoj (News paper of early morning),
“Kaler Kontho” (Voice of times)
Kaler Kantho
Kaler Kantho
Voice of time.
News center of Dhaka are
The news agencies in Dhaka are
The news agencies based in Dhaka are:
News organizations situated in Dhaka are
NTV,
NTV,
N TV
NTV
Supply is relation between price of the product and amount of the product of same price the seller has.
SUPPLY IS A RELATION BETWEEN THE PRICE OF A PRODUCT AND AT THAT PRICE THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF PRODUCT AVAILABLE TO THE SELLER.
Supply is the relation between the price of a good and the quantity available for sale at that price.
Supply is the relation between the price of a good and the quantity available for sale at that price
Radio today,
radio today
Radio Today,
Radio today.
In the demand and supply model demand and supply is ascertained in lines, cost and amount will be fixed in a price where demand of the product and supply will be same.
.In demand and supply model,demand and supply are determined in a line,cost and quantities will be determined on a price where demand and supply of goods will be equal.
The supply and demand model is determined by the supply and demand curve, price and quantity will be stable at a price where the supply and demand of a good will be the same.
In demand and supply model, price is determined by demand and supply curves and the quantity is ascertained at a price where supply and demand are equal.
Presently other sports became glow less by the popularity of cricket.
Due to the extreme popularity of cricket the other sports at present have been faded up.
Presently, other sports got dis-popularized due to popularity of cricket.
AT PRESENT DUE TO THE IMMENSE EPOPULARITY OF CRICKET,OTHER SPORTS ARE NOT GETTING ATTENTION.
The most prominent sports centers in Dhaka are Outer Stadium adjacent to Bangabandhu National Stadium, National Swimming Pool, Maolana Bhasani Hockey Stadium, Mohammad Ali Boxing Stadium, Woodenfloor Gymnesium, Dhaka District Sports Council, Mirpur National Stadium and its adjacent Swimming Complex, Mirpur National Indoor Stadium, Army Stadium at Banani and Navi Swimming Complex.
Dhaka's mentionable sports centers are Bangabondhu National Stadium surrounding Outdoor Stadium, National Swimming Pool, Maulana Vasani Hockey stadium, Mohammad Ali Boxing Stadium, Wooden floor Gymnasium, Dhaka District Sports Organisation, Mirpur National stadium and surrounding Swimming pool Complex, Mirpur National Indoor stadium, Army Stadium of Banani and swimming complex of the Navy.
.The notable games and sports centers in Dhaka are; the outer stadium adjacent to Bangabandhu national stadium,national swimming pool,Moulana Bhashani hockey stadium,Mohammad Ali boxing stadium,wooden floor gymnasium,Dhaka district sports association,Mirpur national stadium and adjacent swimming pool complex,Mirpur national indoor stadium,army stadium of Banani and the swimming complex of navy.
The important sports centers of Dhaka are: The outer stadium adjacent to the Bangabandhu National Stadium, National Swimming Pool, Maulana Vasani Hockey Stadium, Mohammad Ali Boxing Stadium, Wooden Floor Gymnasium, Dhaka District Kabadi Association; Mirpur National Stadium and the swimming pool complex adjacent to it; Mirpur National Indoor Stadium; Army Stadium of Banani and the swimming complex of the Navy.
Bargaining of total quantity and common price index is done by the demand and supply economy together.
.In market economy, demand and supply explains the elements of macro economy,i.e.the total quantities of goods and common cost index.
Demand and Supply also explains the variables of macroeconomics, such as total quantity of product and general cost level.
Demand and supply also explains the parameters of macro economics in the market economy like total quantity of goods and general price level.
In many cases, different frameworks of 'price stability' rather than price play a leading role in determining quantity in the short run when demand and supply change.
thereforethis is not good task to do with
In many cases, the “equilibrium of price” take leading role to determine the quantity of goods by changing the demand and supply in short term rather that its different base prices.
In many cases, different struckture of 'price stability' play advance role in determining the quantity of product during short phase due to changes of demand and supply.
.Complexity (all other things remaining unchanged)ceteris paribus is identified as hypothetical term.
ceteris paribus is the name of the mountain located in the middle of hanjduia
Complexity is identified as ceteris paribus (all other things remaining constant) assumed condition.
.
For example, subsequently the analysis of individualistic economy was being applied to the other fields also which are not concerned with the economy and it was being designated as the economic monarchy.
As example it can be stated that, later Bastic economy had been applied in subjects outside the scope of analysis of Bastic economy also, which is tremed the economic administration.
National assembly building, Bangladesh Bank Building, Vasani Novo-theater, Bosundhora city
Jatiya Sansan Bhaban (National Parliament House), Bangladesh Bank Bhaban (Bangladesh Bank House), Bhasani Novo Theatre (Planetarium), Basundhara City
Parliament Building, Bangladesh Bank Building, Bhasani Novotheatre, Basundhara City.
Perlament, Bank Bhavan of Bangladesh,Vasani Novotheater, Basundhara City.
The other two groups later came to be known as 'mercantilists' and 'physiocrats' and they more directly influenced the subsequent development of the subject.
The other two sides which were later named as ""business management"" and ""realistics"" and they kept direct effect on the development of the economy.
The other two groups named as “business class” and “realistic” left a foot mark in the economic development.
Two other groups, which were later called as mercantilist and realists, directly contributed to the remaining economic development.
Special category : Capital of Asia
Subject: Capital of Asia
Subject: The capital of Asia
Contents: Capital cities of Asia
They opposed the mercantilist policy of increasing production and imposing tax.
so what have you thought aboutr that
So they protested against the mercantilists who believed in increasing production and imposing duties.
So, they opposed the merchantmen who believed in the policy of promoting, manufacturing and assigning tax.
European Union
European Union
Europe Union
European Union
Sex
Adam Smith had combined the idealistic opinions including the ""Leisez Fair"" principles but he rejected only the opinion of agricultural productivity.
Adam Smith brought all the unique thoughts along with ""Leisej Fayer"" theory and only rejected the farmers production theorem.
ADAM SMITH MADE COMBINATION OF ""LEISEZ FAIR"" THEORY AND OTHER EXEMPLARY BELIEVES BUT ONLY REFUSED AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTIVITY PRINCIPLES.
Satyanit has served the film industry in many ways such as writing scripts, casting, composing of music, photography, art direction, editing, preparing the list of artists and technicians and designing the posters for publicity and in many such other ways.
With films Satyajit did lots of other work such as script writing, music composing, photography, art direction, editing, name listing of the artists and advertising designing etc.
Ray did the scripting, casting, scoring, cinematography, art direction, editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material.
In filmmaking Satyajit performed different functions like script writing, characterization, writing notes of music, shooting, art direction, editing, designing the list of names of actors and other functionaries and advertisement copies etc.
As a result of this the fees of the workers started to decrease.
.As a result salary of laborers reduces which controls the standard of living of the people.
In consequence of this the wages of the laborers start to get reduced which control the standard of living of the citizens.
As a result of it labor wages that determines the standard of living decreases.
existing economy is considered to be inclining towards longtime infrastructure
Classical economics focused on the tendency of markets to move to long-run equilibrium.
In the basic economics it is decided that markets moves to the long term equilibrium.
Two people start of a new journey towards future, hand in hand, sharing at each step new outlooks, responsibilities and love..
Sukumar was also well-known as a skilled film maker and critic.
Sukumar was famous as an expert illustrator and critic.
As a good artist and a criticizer Sukumar had good names.
Sukumar was also famous as a painter and critic.
Original essay: Neoclassical Economics
Original Article: Modern Basic Economics
Main article: Neoclassical economics
.Main article:new basic economics
satyajit in shantiniketan
Satyajit in his Shantiniketon years.
Years of Santiniketan
Satyajit, during his years in Shantiniketan.
Keynesian Economics
Keynesian economics
Keynesian Economics
Hiranyakashyap wished to be the most powerful king
In 1947 Satyajit, along with Chidananda Dasgupta and others, established the Kolkata Film Society.
Along with Chidananda Dasgupta and others, Satyajit founded the Calcutta Film Society in 1947
Satyajit founded the Calcutta Film Society with Chidananda Dasgupta and other in 1947.
In 1947 Satyajit unites with Chidananda Das Gupta and others and established the Kolkata film society.
In 1950, Satyajit was sent by D.J. Keymer to their Headquarter to work.
In 1950 D G Kimar sent Satyajit Roy to his main office in London.
In 1950 D. J. Kilmer sent Satyajit to London to work in their head office.
In 1950 D.J. Kemer had sent Satyaji to work at their head office in London.
The definition of wealth
The definition of wealth
Definition of wealth
Definition of Wealth
Towards the end of 1952, Satyajit started to take shoots by his own saved money.
At the end of the year 1952, Satyajit started shooting with his own money from his savings.
In the end of 1952, Satyajit Ray starts filming with his saved money.
At the end of 1952 Satyajit started shooting by spending money from his own savings.
Critisizers never complain,Economics at all the time cannot give correct result , but economists presents numbers of continued examples of experiments being carried out on regular basis which gives correct results without being experimented in the scientific Labs.
every thing can be forgivenfor that purpose so if some
Critics complain that economics cannot ascertain the exact conclusions all time but economists gave examples of controlled experiments which give exact results outside the laboratory.
Critics complain that economics does not always ascertain the correct result, but economists give many examples of controlled experiments that can give correct decision without a laboratory.
In India, the reaction to the film was enthusiastic
Reaction to the film in India was encouraging.
The feedback of this film was encouraging to India.
The effect of the film in India was a exciting one.
Satirically economics is called 'unfortunate science'.
Economics is called “dismal science” jokingly.
.Jokingly,economics is called ""unfortunate science"".
kind and humble is the one aspect of a wall
The film 'Aparajito' won the Golden Lion award in Venice.
Aparajito won the Golden Lion in Venice
Aparajito won a Golden Globe award in Venice.
The unbeatable Venice got the Lion's Prize.
The marriage between Apu and Aparna happened in an unusual situation.
Apu becomes involved in an unusual marriage with Aparna
In this adverse situation Apu get married with Aparna.
Apu got married to Aparna under a bizarre circumstance
During this period, Satyajit composed films on the British Raj period (such as Devi), a documentary on Tagore, a comic film (Mahapurush) and his first film from an original screenplay (Kanchenjungha).
During this phase of his professional career Satyajit had made films on kingship (like Debi (goddess)), an authentic documentary on Rabindranath, a comedy film (""Mahapurush"" (The Great Man)) and his first film on the basic cinematography (Kanchanjungha).
At this time, Satyajit composed films on the British Raj (such as Devi), a documentary on Rabindranath, a comic film (Mahapurush) and his first film from an original screenplay (Kanchenjungha).
At this episode of life Satyajit made films on king's episode (like Debi), a biographical film on Rabindranath Tagore and funny film (""Mohapurush"") and based on original drama made his first film (kanchanjunga).
In the same year Satyajit along with Subhash Mukherjee and others started re publishing the children's magazine ""Sandesh"", which, once his grand father used to publish.
In the same year, together with Subhas Mukhopadhyay and others, Satyajit was able to revive Sandesh, the children's magazine his grandfather once published.
Same year with Suvas Mukherjee and others Satyajit started republishing child magazine named Sandesh that his father used to publish once.
In the same year, with Subhas Mukhopadhyay and others, Satyajit starts republishing the children's magazine, Sandesh which once was published by his grandfather.
In the film in order to give the character of Indranath Rai Satyajit had to appoint Chobi Biswas in the film.
Satyajit selected Chabi Biswas for the role of Indranath Roy in the film
in the movie satyajit ray recommended chobi vishwas to enact the character of indranath roy
Satyajit selected Chhobi Biswas to play the role of Indranath Ray in this movie.
........Automation: Some mainstream economists believe about this that mankind is idealistic, they like independence.
........ automaticity: some mainstream economists are in the opinion that human are idealistic and they prefer freedom.
Automation: Some mainstream economists think about it that human beings are idealistic and they like freedom.
......self creaters:some mainstream economists have nurtured a view about this that,the human race is idealistic,they like independence.
Even Satyajit confessed himself that he had made least mistakes in that film and it was the only film that he would have made in the same way had he got another chance to make it.
Satyajit himself famously said the film contained least flaws among his work, and his only work, that given a chance, he would make exactly the same way
Satyajit himself also told that there are least errors in this film, and this is the only film, which, if given an opportunity to remake, he would make in the same way,
Satyajit himself said that his mistakes in this film were very less and if he got a chance, he would like to do this film again in the same manner.
The definition of economics is criticized by saying that it is lowly materialistic.
In the criticism of the definition of economics it has been said that this is very low materialistic.
While criticizing the definition of economics it is said that is intrinsically low.
in the criticizing with the definition of Economics it is said that they are very tactful items.
The Bengalis would consider this to be the reflection of his English mentality and the Westerns would consider that his cool and solemn character was the like those of the Brahmanas.
The Bengali people looked upon this as his English mentality, and the western people thought that his cold and reserve nature was like the Brahmins
Bengali people thought that his calm and serious expression was of English mentality and Westerners thought that his calm and serious attitude was like Brahmins.
The Bengalis thought it to be his expression of English mentality and the westerners thought that his cold and solemn behavior was like that of Brahmins.
But Satyajit came to know after he had finished writing the screen play that he was not the owner of the copy right of it and also he would not get any honorarium for that.
But after writing the scripts, Satyajit came to know that he does not have the copyright and will not get any fees for that.
But on completion of the script Satyajit came to know that he has no right on it and that he won't get any honorarium for it.
But after completing his short drama Satyajit came to know that it is not fully of him and so he will not get any money for it.
Singer Gupi and dhol player Bagha had received 3 boons from the king of ghost and they gone out and tried to stop the coming war between two neighboring states.
Goopy the singer and Bagha the drummer, equipped by three boons allowed by the King of Ghosts, set out on a fantastic journey in which they try to stop an impending war between two neighbouring kingdoms.
After getting three wishes from the king of ghost singer Gupi and Bagha went to travel and they tried to stop the fight between two neighborhood king.
Singer Gupi and 'Dhol' player Bagha set out to travel on getting three wishes from the king of ghosts and tried to prevent forthcoming war between two neighboring kingdoms.
In this thought it is assumed that this is inhumane and this type of subjects should not come under the economics.
In this concept it is though that it is inhuman and these cases can't come under economics.
With respect to such thinkings, it is assumed that thie is inhuman and such subjects can never come in an economy.
.Due to this concept, it is presumed that it is inhuman and this type of subject can not be included in Economics.
As an answer in the decades of 1970 with Kolkata as the center made three films also known as ""Kolkata Troi"": Protidhondi (1970), Simabodho (1971), and Jonaronno (1975).
On its answer in 1970 he made three films, Pratidwandi (1970), Seemabaddha (1971), and Jana Aranya (1975) based on Kolkata which are also known as Calcutta trilogy.
in its answer he made three pictures based on kolkata in 1970 th century also known as ""kolkata troie"" : pratidwandi(1970),simabadh(1971) and janaranya(1975).
In reply he made three films based on Kolkata which are also known as 'Kolkata trilogy': 'Protidwandi'(1970), 'Simabaddha'(1971) and 'Janaranya'(1975).
It managed labour economics in nineteenth century and welfare economics in twentieth century before the entry of human development theory.
This discusses both the labor economics of 19th century and the welfare economics of 20thcentury before the introduction of the theory of human development.
While Bengal celebrates Kali Puja, the rest of India enjoys Diwali
it is really well to establish all in this week and in other coming days
A commentary on the circumstances that led to the colonization of India by the British was depicted in this film
In this film colonization of India by the British was demonstrated.
In the film beginning of colonialism in India has been described.
The film has depicted about the inception of the British colonialism in India.
Most of the Universities or colleges have a main school or stream which gives the subject an institutional reputation such as Arts stream, Commerce stream etc.
Every University and College constituted with the help of Main College or University or by a specific segment such as Arts, Commerce etc. segment which gives value to that organization or institution.
In university or in college there is a division which gives the organization value like commerce division, arts division.
In most of the universities and colleges there is a main school or department which gives the institutional importance to the subject like Department of Arts, Department of Commerce.
Mathematics is a research on the subjects of quantity, formation, transformation and location.
Mathematics (English: Mathematics) is the study of quantity, formation, change and place.
Mathematics is the study of quantity, structure, change and space.
Mathematics is a research related to measurement, formation, modification and state.
During working in a film ""Ghare Baire"" in 1983m Satyajit had a heart-attack and due to this incident, the amount of work in his last nine years was very less.
While working on Ghare Baire, Satyajit got a heart attack in 1983 and because of that the amount of his work was very limited in the remaining 9 years of his life.
In 1983, while working on Ghare Baire (Home and the World), Satyajit suffered a heart attack that would severely limit his output in the remaining 9 years of his life
Satyajit suffered from heart attack while working with his film 'Ghare Baire' in 1983 and as a result in the last 9 years of his life the amount of his work was considerably low.
In this film, an old man who lived his whole life in honesty, comes to know about the corruption of his three sons; in the last scene he finds solace in the companionship of his mentally ill but uncorrupted fourth son.
in this movie an old honest man came to know about his son's illegal works during his last phase of life in the climax he found consolation from his mentally ill fourth son.
In it, an old man, who has lived a life of honesty, comes to learn of the corruption three of his sons indulge in with the final scene shows him finding solace only in the companionship of the fourth, uncorrupted but mentally ill son
In this film, an old man who lived an honest life all his life, came to know of his sons corruptions; at the last scene of the film, he found consolation in the company of his mentally disabled but corruption-less fourth son.
Revolution came in the research in different sector of pure mathematics.
A flow of research came in the fields of pure mathematics.
Pure Mathematics bring tide in different research.
Research on pure mathematics started.
The screenplays of two films in foreign languages were wrote in english, and those were translated in Hindi and Urdu by the translators in his guidance.
For his two full length foreign language movies he wrote the scripts in English and later on these were translated by the translators under his supervision.
He wrote scripts in English for his two non-Bengali feature films which were translated by the translators in Hindi and Urdu under his supervision.
In his two non-Bengali feature films, he wrote the script in English, which translators then interpreted in Hindi or Urdu under Ray's supervision
For the next development in mathematics, we have to go to 2000 AD when Babilonian and Egiptian civilization flourished.
For later developments in mathematics we have to go straight to 2000 BCE when Babylonian and Egyptian civilizations were developing.
To find out the next development of mathematics we have to move back to the 2000 B.C. when Babylonian and Egyptian civilization were being flourished.
to track the next development of mathematics we hav to go back to 2000 bc during Babylonian and egyptian civilization.
In the starting of the working-life he got the chances to work with some cultural singer specialist Rabi Sankar, Belayet Khan and Ali Akbar Khan.
At the beginning of his career, Satyajit got a chance to work with some talented Indian classical musicians such as Ravi Shankar, Vilayat Khan and Ali Akbar Khan.
in his early career he got the opportunity to work with the famous classical musicians ravi shankar, belayet khan and ali akbar.
Satyajit got the privilege of working with some of the most talented maestros of Indian classical music like Ravi Shankar, Vilayat Khan and Ali Akbar Khan at the early age of his professional life.
They were able to calculate simple and complex interest, can calculate tax, and can calculate how the wealth will be divided in among the country, religion and people.
They could calculate simple and compound interests, they could count the palm-marks and also they could assess how to distribute resources among the state, religious institutions and people.
They could calculate simple and compound interest, calculate tax, and calculate how to distribute the resource among state, places of worship and public.
They could calculate simple and compund intersest, count fingers and were able to keep accounts of how the resource would be distributed among the religious institutions and the people.
The subject matters of the films by Satyajit were multifaceted.
The subjects-matter of Satyajit's films were versatile.
The main topic of Satyajit's film was multi-directional.
The subjects of Satyajit's films were multidimensional
In the different stories of Feluda, his companions, novel writer Jatayu ( Lalmohan Ganguli) and his cousin Tapesh Ranjan Mitra alias Topshe are the narrator of the story, whose role are somewhat similar to the side character Doctor Watson of Sherlock Holmes
In several stories of Feluda, his companion the novelist Jatayu (Lalmohan Ganguly) and sometimes his cousin brother Topesranjan Mitra, alias Topse, have been seen as the narrator of the stories who are like Doctor Watson, an assistant to Sherlock Holmes.
In different stories of Feluda series his companion novelist Jatau (Lalmohon Ganguly) and his cousin brother Tapes Ranjan Mitra or Topshe are the story tellers whose characters were mainly like Dr. Watson in Sherlock Holmes.
.In various stories of Feluda, his novel writer companion Jotajo(Lal Mohon Gangooly)and his cousin Topesh Ranjan Gupta alias Topshe is the narrator of the story,whose role was some what like Dr.Watson in a side role of Sherlock Homes.
Recently an English translation of the book titled 'Speaking of Films' has been published.
Recently an English version of the book named Speaking of films has been published.
A english translate of the book was published with the name Speaking of Films.
The book is recently published in English in the name of 'Speaking of Films'.
The calculation made great progress with the invention of this idea of the co-ordinate value.
This concept of place value advanced computations to a large extent.
The invention of the idea of positional value took calculation forward a great deal.
the idea of local value moved the computation further
They could solve problems using Pythagorean theorem and knew that the angle drawn on a parabola is a right angle.
They can solve the problems by applying Pythagoreans theorem and knew that the angle drawn on a semi-circle is a similar angle.
They could solve problems by using the Pythagoras' theorem and knew that the angle drawn on the half-circle is a right angle.
They could solve problems using Pythagorean Theorem and knew that the angle drawn on a half circle is equal angle
They used various hieroglyph for various values of 10.
They used hieroglyphics symbols to represent the power or multiple of ten.
They used different Hieroglyphic signs for various powers of 10.
They used different hieroglyphics for different powers of 10.
In more developed number management system ,integers is counted as subset of Rational number.
In further improved number system, integers are considered as the subset of rational numbers.
Calculation with numerical number is easy than complex number.
Integers are considered as the subset of Rational numbers in more developed number system.
His films are of deceptive simplicity with deep underlying complexity
His films are apparently simple but they are actually complex in disguise of their simplicity.
Generally looking, his films are simple, but there is complexity hiding behind this simplicity
His films are apparently simple, but complexities remain hidden behind this simplicity.
.
Hyperial Number
Hyper real number
Hyperial number
He was compared with Shakespeare.
Satyajit was also compared with Shakespeare
He has been compared with Shakespeare too.
He has been compared even with Shakespeare too.
Formation
Foundation
Structure
Construction
interior mathematics
topology
Tropical mathematics.
Differential Calculus
Satyajit replied that Mrinal Sen only knew how to strike on the ""soft-targets"" (as well as the Bengali middle class).
while Satyajit shot back by saying that Sen only attacks ""easy targets"", i.e. the Bengali middle-classes
Satyajit replied that Mrinal knows to hit only the “Easy targets"" (as well as Bengali Middle class category).
Satyajit replied that Mrinal knows how to hit the 'soft targets' (i.e. the middle class Bengalis) only.
On 2005 made by Era Sharks- Forty Shades of Blues is a poorly remake of the film Charulata, and the film named My Family in the year 1954 in its last part has similarities with the film Opur Songshar.
Ira Sachs's 2005 work Forty Shades of Blue was a loose remake of Charulata, and in Gregory Nava's 1995 film My Family, the final scene is duplicated from the final scene of Apur Sansar
Forty Shades of Blue was a weekly made sequel of Charulata by Era Salks in 2005, and the last scene of My Family in 1995 was a pursuit of the last scene of Apur Sanshar.
In 2005, Forty Shades of Blue by Ira Sachs was a poor remake of Charulata and the final scene of My Family in 1995 also is duplicated from the final scene of Apur Sansar..
Functional Analysis.
Functional Analysis
Functional analyses
Functional Analysis
In 1993 ‘Satyajit Ray Film and Study Center’ was established by the University of California, Santa Cruz.
In 1993, the University of California has established the Santa Cruz Satyajit Roy Film and Study Collection.
DURING YEAR 1993,UNIVERSITY OF CALLIFORNIA ESTABLISHED ""SANTACRUZ SATYAJIT RAY FILM AND STUDY COLLECTION"".
In the year 1993, University of California, Santacruz established the Satyajit Ray Film and Study collection
Constructivism
Constructivity
Constructivism
Constructivism
Charlie Chaplin was the first film personality to get D. Lit. from Oxford.
Charlie Chaplin is the first to get D. Lit. from Oxford as a film personality.
Charles Chaplin was the first film personality who received D.Lit of Oxford.
First Charlie Chaplin got first Delit award from Oxford University.
With the help of math, applied math provides direction to solve many problems of the real world.
Applied mathematics is a branch of mathematics that concerns itself with the mathematical techniques to solve problems in the real world.
The applied mathematics directs to the solutions of the several problems of the practical world through mathematics.
Mathematical Proof for mathematical equations can provide directions towards solving practical problems.
The theory of incompleteness by Godell
Gödel's incompleteness theorems
Incomplete mathematics.
Godel's Incompleteness Theorem
outer connection
Out-Links
External links
External Links
Riemann-Roch theorem
Rimjan-Rakh theory.
Riemann–Roch theorem
Riemann–Roch theorem
Satyajait Ray's master piece:The Apu Trylogy.
Satyajit Ray's Masterpiece: The Apu Trilogy- John Nesbitt.
Satyajit Roy's masterpiece: The Apru Trilogy - John Nebist.
Satyajit Ray's masterpiece: The Apu trilogy - John Nesbit.
Dates of history of Mathematics.
The dates from the history of Mathematics
Date of the history of mathematics.
Dates in math history.
Subject Class: The winner of Bharatratna medal
Category: Indian award winners
Subject-class: winner of Bharatratna Medal
EXTERNAL CONNECTIVITY
External link
External links
Outer link.
Canada is a bilingual (English and French both are its official language of the state) and multicultural nation.
Canada is a bilingual(English and French) and multicultural country.
Canada is a bi-lingual ( English and French) and multicultural country.
Canada is a bilingual (English and French both are official language) and multi cultural nation.
History
History
History
History
Subject: State
Subjectclass: country
Category: Countries
Subject: State
Headquarter of United Nation is situated in New York
The headquarter of United Nation are in New Work.
The headquarters of the UNO is situated in New York.
United Nation's main headquarter is located in New York City.
Apart from that there are World health Organistion(WHO), United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)etc.
other than this there exist world health organisation, UNICEF etc.
Besides, there are World Health Organization, Unicef, etc.
Other than these World Health Organization, UNICEF etc is also there.
Headquarter
Headquarters
Main office
Headquarters
Though the headquarters of the UN is situated at New York but the headquarters of some of the specialized agencies of the UN are located at Geneva, The Hague, Montreal, Copenhagen, Bonn and in many other places as well.
Though headquarter of United Nations is in New York, many of its organs have headquarters in Geneva, The Hague, Vienna, Montreal, Copenhagen, Bonn and other places.
Though the Headquarter of United Nation is situated at New York city, other related centers of United Nation is situated around the world in Geneva,The Hague,Montreal,Copenhaegen,Bonn and other cities.
Though the headquarter is in New York, some headquarters’ of major co-agencies are situated in Geneva, The Hague, Vienna, Montreal, Copenhagen, Bonn and other regions.
Related articles
Relevant registers
Related Articles
Related Literature.
Subject: England
Subject category: England
category: england
the subject is England
On the other hand sexual intercourse is an important source of physical pleasuer as well.
On the other side copulation is a source of sexual pleasure.
On the other hand sexual intercourse is a source of sexual pleasure as well.
On the other hand, sex is also an important source of physical plesure.
Physical Pleasure
Physical pleasure
Physical pleasure
Physical happiness.
Then the man move the body back and forth after penetrating his penis into the woman's vagina.
After that the man inserts his penis into the vagina of the woman and starts thrashing it.
After this the male put his penis (male reproductive organ) in the vaginal tract and start moving it.
Then the male penetrates its penis into female vagina and starts thrusting.
Orgasm or female ejaculation
Extreme pleasure or orgasm
Orgasm or Extreme pleasure
Extreme pleasure or Orgasm.
Sexual intercourse
Copulation
Sexual intercourse
Sexual intercourse
In other words the electrical engineers generally make use of the electric system circulating energies and the electronic engineers make use of the electrical energy to exchange information.
In other word, electrical engineers use electricity to transmit energy and the electronic engineers use electricity to transmit information.
in other words the technicians used electricity for their work and they used electricity to communicate to each other.
Later, at the end of the 19th century, the universities started giving Graduate and Post graduate degrees in Electric Engineering.
Later in late 19th century, universities started to offer degrees in electrical engineering.
Later, from the latter half of the 19th century the universities had started to confer the graduate and post-graduate degrees in electrical engineering.
Later, towards the end of the 19th century the Universities gave the lower or higher degrees on electric current.
Work of Telesa on Motor and polyphase had influenced the scientiosts for a long tome.
Tesla's work on induction motors and polyphase systems influenced the scientists for a long time.
The works of Tesla on the induction motor and polyphase system has been impressed the scientists for long.
Tesla's work on induction motors and polyphase system attracted the scientists for long.
whatever is liked is given in all the way for assistance not good all the thingd
After that in 1931, Manfred von Ardenne invented cathode ray tube which later help to develop television.
Later in 1931 Manfred-von-Ardenne invented cathode ray tube that helped invention of television.
After that, in 1931, Manfred von Ardenne invented Cathode ray tube, which later helped in inventing the Television.
Educational organization.
Academic Education
Academic education
Institutional education
In most of the countries in the world, the graduate degree in engineering is considered to be the first step towards being a professional Engineer
In most of the countries of the world the graduation in engineering is regarded as the first step towards becoming a professional engineer.
In majority of the countries in the world graduation in engineering is considered the first step towards becoming a professional engineer.
In most of the countries in the world, being an honorable engineer graduate is the first step towards a professional engineer.
.An Engineer can be charged for negligence if his creation or work is failed for any reason, even in extreme case he can be punished for ""criminal negligence"" or carelessness.
things are really not well and identical in life which you live in order to survive but to be good and safe we have to take some steps which is very important
If for some reason the construction or the work of an engineer fails, he may be hold guilty of negligence, in extreme cases he may be even punished for criminal negligence or offence
If for any reason construction or output of an engineer fails, he is charged with neglect of duty, even he can be punished for 'criminal negligence' in ultimate situations.
For example, they can develop the model for telecommunication, can supervise the programs of electricity development centers, can supervise the distribution system for light & electricity in the households, can develop the models for household appliances, or, can develop the electrical control system for the instruments used in industries.
As example, they can work on the design of telecommunication systems, the operation of electric power stations, the lighting and wiring of buildings, the design of household appliances or the electrical control of industrial machineries.
For example it can be stated that they may design telecommunication system, supervise work in a electricity generating centre or lighting and electricity distribution system in a house, design devices used in household purposes or may set up electrical control systems for industrial machineries.
.For example it can be said that they can draw up the sketch for telecommunication system,supervise the work of the electric production plant,supervise the supply and distribution of electricity in residences,draw up the design for household appliances or establish the electrical control system of the industrial plants.
Other works like discussion on proposals with the customer or the user, budgeting, making time table for the project etc. are considered a major part of their work.
.Different types of work,like discussion about the proposal with the clients and consumers,preparation of budget,preparation of time table for the projects etc. are considered as a major part of their work.
Other tasks like discussion with subscribers or users on preliminaries, preparation of budget, timetable etc. occupy a large portion of their duty.
Other work such as discussing proposals with clients, preparing budgets and determining project schedules etc are considered as a big part of their work.
Sometimes many technological subjects are classified into different branches of technology due to their huge volume , as for example Electronic Technology & Computer Technology .
Even sometimes some branches like Electronic engineering or Computer engineering is considered a separate division of engineering due to its wide coverage.
Sometimes few engineering fields such as electronic engineering and computer engineering are considered as separate disciplines for their huge expansion.
Some times, some branches such as Electronics engineering or Computer engineering are considered to be a separate branch of engineering because of their huge application.
Use of control system has spread from controlling flight and movement of modern commercial airways to controlling speed of many modern cars.
The uses and implementation of Controling techniques through computers are seen everywhere starting from preliminary devices of advanced modern commercial flights to speed controlling devices used in other modern motor cars.
The uses of the control system technology are widespread from the flights of modern commercial air service agencies to the modern automobiles.
The use of control engineering is widely spread from the flight and propulsion systems of commercial airliners to the cruise control present in many modern automobiles.
The tuner of a radio that expels all other stations apart from merely the expected one is an example of electronic circuit.
The tuner of radio helps to avoid other radio stations apart from the expected one; this is the example of electric circuit.
The tuner of the wireless instrument which helps in cancelling the stations that are not expected, is an example of an electronic circuit.
Tuner of radio which is use to select only radio station and to cancel other is an example of electronics instrument.
The integrated Circuits are prepared with tiny electrical components concerted into a small chip around the size of a coin.
This parts are assembled on a very small, like a coin, silicon chip and are made an integrated circuit.
these machine parts are now fabricated on small chip of silicon.
These small instruments are put into a small, as small as a coin, silicon chip in the form of a circle.
From its very name it is understood that signals processing is nothing but the work of electrical analysis and induction.
From the name itself it is understood that signal processing acts mainly as electrical analysis and representation.
From the name it can be understand that signal analyzer only can analyze electric signal.
It is easy to understand that Signal Processing basically acts to electrical analysis and modification.
Among the well known analog modulations techniques worth mentioning are the amplitude modulation and the frequency modulation
Among well known techniques of analog modulation, amplitude modulation and angle modulation are noteworthy.
Among the well-known techniques of Analog Modulation, the amplification modulation and frequency modulation are notable.
in analog modulation methods Amplitude modulation and Angle modulation are notable
From Hardware design to PDA design, even industrial plants are also controlled by computers.
Starting from hardware design to PDA design, even use of computers to control an industrial factory is included in it.
This includes PDA design starting from hardware design and the computer application for industries control.
Starting from new hardware designing to PDA design and even to industrial automation the usage of computers is included in it.
This subject, in fact, is discussed in software technology.
This subject comes under software engineering.
This subject is considered under ূূুূSoftware ঢডEngineering.
This subject is though decided under the software relatings.
References
Information
References
References
History of IEEE
History of IEEE
History of IEEE
History of IEEE.
Economic areas are divided in different segment or classes such as:
the economy can be divided into various categories like:
The periphery of Economics can be classified into different categories , such as
.It can be said as an example that a hypothetical term of a theory presumes that keeping everything unchanged a highly educated person will earn more than a less educated person.
for the assistance any querry an be asked like david and his wife so thatthere will be no more worries in the future for now and gain
For example, in a theory it is assumed that all other things remaining the same, a higher educated person will earn more than a person with lower education.
It also studies how a producer maximizes his profit taking into consideration his constraints (demand for normal goods, technology and cost of factors).
.It also discusses the efforts of the producers to maximize their profit taking into consideration their own obstacles(demand for better products,technology and cost of production).
Marginalists mentioned opportunity cost to measure trade off condition.
Neo Keynesian economics is also related to the development of the Keynesian tradition.
there are many businesses which are runnning well but not making the most as they have to look forward in the time
Thereafter over a long period human, human activities and the issues of human welfare continued to be included in the definition as was not he case with wealth.
.Subsequently for a long time the subject of human,humane works and human welfare started to be included in the definition more than the inclusion of wealth.
Rationality = Own preference: It is regarded as a generally accepted principle and many mainstream economists believe that rationality includes own choice and issues like this.
Logicality = Self desire is considered as an ordinary first principle and many mainstream economists believes that, logicality, self desire and such subjects are also included.
In the primary stage of the 'applied economics ', which came to be known as 'social economy' later, power and the politics is discussed in large extent.
The primary region of ""Applied economics"", which later has been known as ""Social Economics"" and power and politics has been broadly discussed in it
In the primary phase of 'applied economics' that has later been known as 'social economics' studies power and politics in the large scale.
Anthropology and economics
superior and sood
anyone can contribute in this world Encyclopedia.
Anyone can contribute to this encyclopedia.
In this world cell anybody can help.
Anybody can contribute to this encyclopedia.
Out-links
description
Outer connectivity.
External links
With the effort of the Mozilla Foundation and many other programmers all over the world made it.
It was created by a Mozilla foundation endeavor which involved effort of numerous programmers from all over the world.
Under the endeavor of Mozilla Foundation it has been made by a lot of programmers of the world.
It is made by joint efforts of lots of programmers of the word with the incentive of Mozilla foundation.
Firefox could be able catch the attention of the users for itself as an alternative to the Safari Browser of the Microsoft Internet Explorer and Apple Computer.
As a alternative to Microsoft's internet explorer and Apple computer's safari browser, firefox has been able to catch people's eyes.
Firefox browser, has been able to grab attention of users, as an alternate of Microsoft,s Internet Explorer and Apple Computer,s Safari browsers.
As an alternate to internet explorer of Microsoft and safari browser of apple, Firefox became successful to attract people.
Sources
information chain
Informatory facts
References
Nomenclature
Given Name.
naming
Nomenclature
In july 19th Prativa Patil became first women president of India.
July 19- Prathibha Patil was elected as the first women President of India.
July 19- Prativa Patil was elected as the first ever female President of India.
July 9- Prativa Patil is elected as female president at first.
Birth
Birth
Birth
Birth
Titles
Headlines
Headlines
Heading
July
July
July
July
February
February
February
February
DNS is an integral part of the present internet system.
In present Internet system, DNS is an inseparable part.
Presently DNS is an inseparable part of internet system .
In the modern internet system DNS is an inseparable part.
These servers perform the job of assigning and changing the domain names, as a result a centralized server is not required.
These servers work to register and alter the domain names separately and as a result, there is no use of a central server.
A central server is not needed as these servers can separately perform the task of registration and change of domain name.
As these servers does the work such as domain name registration and alternation separately therefore the centralized server does not required.
The problem of this system of depending on the host file since its birth is that whenever an address of an IP address will be changed, then all computers who are willing to communicate with this address need to update this file.
The born-time problem of the system based on this host file is that when an IP address of an address changes, then all the related computers joined to this address have to update this file.
Main problem of these system which depends on host file is when a address will change in a IP address then all computer which are interested to make a link with that address will have to update the this file.
the main problem of this system is that whenever a address changes to an ip address then all the computers that wanted to be connected with this computer have to update this file.
Kalvin Denlop revised and implemented D.N.S in the year 1985 and named it Bind( Barkal Internet name domain, previously which was named as Barkal Internet name domain).
In 1985, Kevin Dunlap of DEC significantly re-wrote the DNS implementation Server and named it BIND(Berkeley Internet Name Domain)
In 1985, Kevin Dunlop of DEC redeveloped DNS implementation and named it BIND (Berkeley Internet Name Domain, previously known as Berkeley Internet Name Daemon).
In year 1985 Kevin Dunlop of DEC re write it and he gave new name Baind.
Japan is an archipelago of total 3000 islands including all larger and smaller ones.
Japan is constituted of around 3000 islands including the small & large ones.
Japan is comprised of around 3000 islands of different size.
Japan is formed with around 3000 small and large islands.
South Korea and North Korea is located on the other side of the Strait of Korea and Sea of Japan and Taiwan and the mainland of China is situated on the other side of the Sea of China towards the South east.
The main land is situated on the other side of Korea Strait Sea of Japan of South Korea and North Korea and in south east on the other side of East China Sea of Taiwan and China.
On the opposite of South Korea and North Korea and japan sea and in the Southern Eastern on the opposite side of the China Sea main land-part is situated.
South Korea and North Korea are on the opposite banks of the Korean channel and Japan sea and on the opposite bank of China sea of the South-East, Taiwan and the main land of China are located.
The size of this area is 17% of Japan and 45% of the total population live in this area.
.This 17% land area of Japan is inhabited by 45% of the total population.
45% of the total population of Japan live in this area which comprises 17% of land of Japan.
.
In the 12 century the military rulers named ""Shogun"" came up.
In 12th century one military ruler came named as Sugun.
Shogun, the military rulers, came into the being during the 12th Century.
In 12th century military rulers, named Shogun, came into picture.
Japan lost its colonies also due to its defeat in the war.
Due to loosing in war Japan lost its followers.
Japan lost all of his kingdom outside the country as a result of defeat.
Japan loses their colonies as well because of defeat in war.
Economics
Economics
Economics
Economics
ukiyo-e painting of the huge wave of Kanagawa drawn by Hokusai
The Great Wave off Kanagawa, the ukiyo-e, painted by Hokusai.
Hoksai's drawing of Wikio art the great wave of Kanagwa.
The Ukioye painting of Hokusai of Tsunami of Kanagawa
After world war II Japanese culture and way of life have changed a lot due to the influence of US culture.
After the Second World War the culture of the United States has brought great change in the culture and life-style of the Japanese.
After Second World War, the effect of American culture brought a huge change in Japanese culture and lifestyle.
After the second world war the Japanese culture and life-styles were greatly changed coming in contact with the American cultures.
all information
Source of Information
information chain
References
Windows Millennium
Windows Millennium
Windows Millennium
Windows Millennium
Windows 2003 enterprise edition
Windows 2003 enterprise edition.
Windows 2003 Enterprise Server
Windows 2003 Enterprise Edition
subject: foundation
Subject: Gonu Foundation
Category: GNU Foundation.
Subject:Gonu Foundation
His father was Barack Hussein Obama, Sr. undr Lolo race and in profession his father was Economists and mother was Ann Dunham a American black women.
His father, Barack Obama, Sr. from Luo community of Kenya, was an economist and mother Ann Dunham was an American English (Mostly English and Irish).
His father, from the Luo ethnicity, Barrack Hussein Obama, Sr was an economist by profession and his mother, Ann Dunham, was an American white (mainly of English and Irish).
His father Barac Hussein Obama Sr. was from Kenyan Lou religion, and was a Economist and his mother Ann Dunham was a Maciron whitish ( dependent British and Irish).
Till the conference, Obama was more or less unknown in the national context.
Before the discussions Obama was unknown to the people.
Prior to the assembly Barack Obama was almost unknown at the national level.
Obama was quite unknown in the national political arena even just before the conference.
Topics: Living Man
Subject matter: life utilization
Subject: Living Person
Subject category: Alive person
More than ten lakh copies of this is regularly published in Kolkata, New Delhi and other cities of India.
Daily more than one million paper is sailed In Kolkata, New Delhi, and in other city of India.
In Kolkata, New Delhi and other cities of India, its circulation is more than ten lakhs
This is published more than 10 lakhs everyday in Kolkata, New Delhi and in various parts of India.
External links
External communication
Outer Connection
Outer link
February
.
February
Bebruary
December
December
December
December
September
September.
September
September
June
June
June
June
Though it is thought that the meaning of internet and world wide web but actually they refer two completely different things.
It should be mentioned here that although the terms Internet and World Wide Web are often used in everyday speech without much distinction these are not one and the same.
It must be mentioned here that nevertheless most of us consider the Internet and the WWW to be the same thing but these two words, infact, direct to completely different subjects.
It is necessary to mention that many people considers Internet and World Wide Web as similar meaning words but in actuality they are different subjects.
Computer(English: Computer) is such a machine that can perform mathematica calculations following well defined instructions.
Machinery parts or Computer is such a machine which can complete mathematical tasks following the exact processes.
computer is a device which can compute based on the users input
The Computer is such a machine which is capable of computing the mathematical calculations following the proper commands.
Abacus is a machine in which beads are moved in the frame in order to do calculation.
An abacus is an instrument with sets of beads in a frame and we have to move and reset the beads for counting.
Abacus is a tool to calculate by changing the position of beans.
Abacus is a device to calculate by moving the balls organised on a frame.
Subject Class: Internet
Subject category: Internet
Subject: Internet
Subject: Internet
Geographically Assamese and Bengali is the language of Indo-Irani of the East.
Assamese and Bengali are geographically the easternmost Indo-Iranian language.
Assamese and Bengali are Indo-Iranian language of far east geographically .
Geographically, extreme east Indo-Irani language is Assamese and Bengali.
After that Charles Babage, a Professor of Mathematics of Cambridge University of England had invented the Difference Engine or the subtracting machine in 1823.
After that Prof. Charls Babage of mathematics of Cambridge university in England invents Difference Engine in 1823.
After that in 1823 Charles Babage, mathematics professor of Cambridge University of England invented a calculating machine known as ‘Difference engine’.
After this the Mathametician of Cambridge College in England Charles Babbage in the year 1823 invented Difference Engine or Rigfol based machines.
Middle Bengali (1400-1800)-- the important written document of this time was Srikrishnakirtan by Chandi Das; obliteration of the sound 'A' after the words; custom of compound verbs; the influence of Persian.
middle bengali(1400-1800 AD)- major texts of the period include Chandidas's Srikrishnakirtan elision of word-final ô sound; spread of compound verbs; Persian influence.
Middle Bengali(1400-1800 CE): The important written evidences of this period Shrikrishna Kirtan by Chandidas; removal of the 'Au' sound at the end of words; popularity of complex verbs; influence of the Farsi.
Middle Bengali (1400-1800 BC)- Srikrishnakirtan by Chandidas is an important written memento of this time; abolition of 'a' sound at the end of the words; introduction of compound verbs; influence of Persian.
The components of computer system are as follows:
The main compositions of computer system is as follows
The constituents of a computer system are as follows:-
The factor of computer system is stated below:
During this period, the Choltibhasha form was emerging from Shadhubhasha.
At this time the use of Cholit language increased from Sadhu language.
During this time the usage of the spoken language was becomimg more popular over the formal language.
AT THAT TIME GRADUALLY THE USES OF COMPLEX BENGALI LANGUAGE DECREASES AND COMMON AND EASY BENGALI LANGUAGE CAME INTO USE.
C* Output Devices: Monitor, Printer, Disk, Speaker etc.
B* Output Unit: Monitor, Printer,Disk,Speaker etc.
Output Device: Monitor,Printer,Disk,Speaker etc.
Governmental Dignity
Official Respect
Governmental honor
Respect to the government.
Data/information.
Data/Information
DATA/INFORMATION.
Data/Information
Source of information
That's all.
References
References
There is a lot of use of computer.
Computer has lots of uses,
Computer has number of use.
Computers have so many usefulness
Analog computer
Analogue computer
Analog Computers.
Analog Computer.
The computer that can measure a number with respect to another number is known as Analogue Computer.
The computer that can measure one physical quantity with respect to another quantity is called Analog Computer.
The computer which can measure one quantity with help of another quantity is known as analog computer.
A computer which can measure a material respect to another material is called analog computer.
Area of United States of America is 3.79 million square mile (9.83 million square kilometres).
Size of United States is 3.79 million square Mile.
The area of United States is 3.79 million (9.83 million sq km).
The weight of United States if 3.79 million square kilometer(9.83 million square kilometer).
.But the native American population has been greatly reduced due to devastating epidemic and hostilities and warfare.
But the Native American population was greatly reduced by disease and warfare after the establishment of the European colonies.
After the establishment of European colony, the population of Native Americans decreased significantly due to famines and wars.
But the population of the Native American have been reduced profusely due the epidemics and several outbreaks of war after the establishments of the European colonies.
Mainframe computers.
Mainframe computer
Mainframe Computer
Mainframe computer.
In 1860, centering on capturing of states and spreading of rules of slavery, clash between rural southern part and industrial northern part gave birth of a house war.
1890 decade saw birth of a civil war between rural northern provinces and industrially developed Northern provinces based on authority of group of states and increase of slavery system
In the decade of 1860 a civil war broke out due to the conflicts between the rural southern regions and industrialized northern regions on the issue of right of the provinces and expansion of the slavery.
In 1860, disputes between the agrarian South and industrial North based on states’ rights and the expansion of the institution of slavery gave birth to American Civil War.
The uses of this computer can be found in every walks of a daily life.
The computer is used everyday everywhere.
Computer is used in every parts of daily life.
Use of computer can be seen in every step of daily life.
January
january
January
January
German cartographer Martin Waldseemuller produced the World map in the year 1507.
DURING THE YEAR 1957, GERMAN MAP MAKER MARTIN WALDSMULER PUBLISHED A MAP OF THE WORLD.
In 1975 German cartographer Martin Waldseemüller published a map of the world.
earlier the term ""The United States"" was used in plural(""the United States are"").
Before, the United States was treated as plural (“the united States are"").
Earlier, the phrase “United States” was treated as plural.
.Previously the word""The United States""were used in a plural form (""the United States are"").
November
November
.November
November
.European explorer Christopher Columbus came to Puerto Rico in American area on November 19,1493.
European explorer Christopher Columbus came to Puerto Rico on 19 November 1493.
European explorer Christopher Columbus reached Puerto Rico of American region on November 19, 1493.
European traveler Christopher Columbus came to Puerto Rico of America on 19th November, 1493.
August
August
August
.August
Within 1634 almost 10,000 Puritans set up residence in New England.
Within the year 1634, around 10 thousands Puritans had built their homes in New England.
Within 1634 around 10000 Puritan settlements grew up in New England.
July
July
July
July
After the division of Carolinas in 1729 and colonization of Georgia in 1732, thirteen British colonies were established.
On 1929 after the separation of Karolina and related places to it and after the interference of Jojiraye 13 different British Colony was established.
After the division of Carolina in 1729 and the colonization of Georgia in 1732, 13 separate British colonies were formed.
The thirteen British colonies were created after division of the Carolinas in 1729 and the colonization of Georgia in 1732.
But due to difference in opinion with a particular issue no solution to this subject could be made.
But due to the dissension between China and India regarding a particular region, this problem remained unsolved.
It has not been possible to get a solution in this matter for the controversy between India and China regarding a region.
But due to differences in opinion between India and China regarding one area, it was not possible to resolve the issue.
Five of Michael's music albums are among the highest sold music albums in the world.
Five music album sung by Michel holds records for most five sold music album in the world-""Of The Wall""(1979),Thriller(1982),""Bad""(1987),Dangerous(1991) and ""History""(1995).
The five highest selling music albums of Michael all over the world are - Off the Wall(1979), Thriller(1982), Bad(1987), Dangers(1991) and History(1995).
The 5 highest selling music album of Michael are - Off The wall (1979), Thriller (1982), Bad (1987), Dangerous (1991) and History (1995).
Information
Origin of information
Information source
References
Everybody who can read Wikipedia on the internet can contribute in its all articles.
On 15th January 2001 Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger started this.
Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger established it on 15th January 2001
Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger established this on 15th January, 2001.
Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales are the founders of Wikipedia.
Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales is the founder of Wikipedia.
The founders of the Wikipedia were Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales.
Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger are founder of wikipedia.
Before the end of 2004 a plan of making Wikipedia with 161 language was started.
Before the starting of 2004, wikipedia project was started in 161 languages.
Before the end of 2004 Wikipedia starts project for 161 languages.
Before the end of 2004 Widipedia project started for 161 languages.
Though he got involved in different scandal in personal life, he was very famous in the world for around 40 years.
Although he was engaged in many scandals in his private life, but he was famous in the whole world for 40 years.
.
Despite being involved in scandals in personal life, he remained famous in the whole world for around 40 years.
Wikimedia chapter is the local organization of the Wikipedians.
Wikimedia chapter is the local association of the people of the Wikipedia.
Wikipedia Chapter is the local organization of Wikipedian.
wikimedia chapter is the local organisation of wikipedians.
Linux is considered as an ideal example of open source and free cost type of software.
Linux is considered as the best example of open source and free software categories.
Linux is considered an ideal example of open source and free software tradition.
In the open source and free software series, Linux is considered to be an ideal example
Later, the process of making link by using two pairs of third brackets was included in the software.
Later this process of making link was added in the software.
two pair three link method is added to software afterwards
with the help of 2 pairs of 3rd word,the linking process was connected to the software
In the market of desktop demand and population of Linux is also increases.
The popularity of Linux is also increasing in the Desktop market.
Popularity and demand of Linux is also increasing in the desktop market.
Popularity of Linux in desktop market is also going high.
From the years before 2008 A.D. Wikipedia was runed from a mother server.
before 2008 wikipedia was running from only one server
Prior to 2004 Wikipedia was being managed from only one server.
As of 2004, Wikipedia was being run by a single server.
Same process is followed by wikipedia for all its versions different languages.
In Wikipedia this same steps are taken in order to publish it in almost all the languages.
For all Language display same process is used in Wikipedia.
This process is followed for the versions of all languages of Wikipedia.
In 1990 project Gonu had started to work on their own Kernel Gonu Hard.
In 1990 the GNU project started working on their own GNU Hurd
In 1990, the GNU project started working on their own kernel GNU Hurd.
On the year 1990 in the Gonu project started work with their own Gonu project.
Other sources of information
The other channels of information
Other modes of data
The wrong way for information
result of this linus had to make a similar system as that of minix.
Hence Linus had to develop a system comparable to Minix
As a result Linus had to make a system akin to that of Minix.
as a result linux that was equivalent to minux had to be developed
In the 0.01 version of Linux, Linus has materialize the adequate number of Poxis system call so that Linux can run the GNU Bash Shell.
Linus did maximum posicks system call actualization in 0.01 version of Linux that Linux can run GNU's BASH shell.
Linux managed GNU's bash shell in Linux's 0.01 edition Linux fulfilled sufficient number Posix System call.
in the .01 version of linux kernel enough system calls are embedded by linus to support the shell
Apart from these, Srilanka, Maldives and and Indonesia located in the Indian Ocean are some of the Island countries nearest to India.
Apart from that Sri Lanka, Maldives and Indonesia situated in the Indian Ocean are neighboring island countries of India.
In addition, Sri Lanka, Maldives and Indonesia in the Indian Ocean are a few island countries near to India.
Apart from that, on Indian Ocean, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Indonesia are some nearby island countries of India.
Afterwards by virtue of a long lust movement for freedom India emerged as an independent country in 1947.
After that a long freedom struggle was waged that revealed India as a free nation in 1947.
.After that through a long process of independence movement,India emerged as an independent country in 1947.
after a long fight for independence india became a independent country in 1947
The mascot and logo of Linux is a penguin called 'Tux'.
the logo and mascots of linux is a tux named penguin.
The Task named penguin is the logo of Linux Mascot.
The logo and mascot of Linux is a penguin named Tux.
According mythological king of Chandan dynasty the name of india was came.
The name ""Bharat"" originated from the name of the king Bharat of the Chandra dynasty during the Puranic times
Name of India is given Bharat according to name of Indian king Bharat.
The origin of the name “Bhaarat” (India) is from Bharat, the mythological King from the family of Chandra (Moon).
Copyright and Trademark
Copyright and Trademark
Copyright and Trade mark
Copyright and trademark.
Here human beings lived even one lakh years ago.
.Even one hundred thousand years ago there was habitation here.
Human lived here even as early as 1 Lakh years past from now.
Before one lakhs year human being started to settelment here.
Mutual usability
Neighboring Behavior Talent
Helping each other.
Each other's usability
with kind co-operation of all these kings science,technology,arts,literature,astrology and philosophy were grown up.
.At the patronage of these Kings,science,technology,fine arts,literature,astrology and philosophy flourished.
Science, technology, arts, literature, astronomy and philosophy were flourished by the patronization of these kings.
Under patronization of these kings science, technology, arts, literature, astronomy and philosophy flourished.
DEC Alfa
DEC Alpha
DEC alfa
DEC Alpha
This phenomenon in indian history is known as Indian first independent war as well as Shypoy Mutiny.
This incident is known as the first fight for independance or Military revolution.
The first fight for independance in the Indian history is known as ""Sepoy mutiny""
In the history of India this types of incident is known as the first fight for independence or is called as Sipahi Bidroho.
In 1950 on 26 January India become a new republic country by making a new constitution.
Democratic republic founded in India through the introduction of the new constitution on 26th January, 1950.
With the inauguration of the new constitution on 26th January, 1950 India emerged as a democratic republic.
26th January 1950 with the help of a new constitution the democratic government was established in India.
Interface
Interface
Interface
Interface
In recent years, this fixed attitude cannot be seen in Linux users.
In recent years, the so-called image of Linux users has not been in view.
In the recent years this stable picture is not seen among the Linux user.
In the recent years this hard and fast manners of the Linux users have not been experienced.
In the part of the elaboration of the constitution the Indian Democratic is defined as a multi-religion, socialism, simple republican.
In the presentation of the constitution, India has been described as a nation of equality,social,non-religious, democratic republic.
In the Preamble of the Constitution, India is described as a sovereign, socialist, secular, democratic republic.
The preamble of the constitution narrated India as a sovereign, socialist, secular, democratic republic.
Every minister has to be a member of either house of parliament.
every cabinet minister should be a member of legislative assembly.
All the officially attached ministers have to be a member of either of the bodies.
Any minister holding a portfolio must be a member of either house of parliament.
Desktop
Desktop
Desktop
Desktop
Mono-centered triple-tiered law system is prevailed in India.
in india there exist three layered jurisdiction.
There exists a unitary, three-tier judicial system in India.
The autonomous three-tier judicial system prevails in India.
Many international linked software at present support Linux, like- Adobe Flash Player, Acrobat Reader, Nero Burning ROM, Opera Web Browser,Real Player, Skype.
Recently Linux also supports lots of licensed software like Adobe Flash Player, Acrobat Reader, Nero Burning Rom, Opera Web Browser, Real Player, Skype etc.
Now many software support Linux like Adobe Flash Player,Acrobat Reader, Nero Burning ROM, Opera Web Browser,Real Player, Skype.
On the other hand on the politics of India the parties that made their positions are Indian National Congress, Indian Janata Party, Communist Party of India (marxist)(CPI(M))etc and some other local parties.
In Indian politics main national political party are Bharatiya Jatiya Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP), Bharatiya Communist Party(CPI(M)) etc and there is also many local party is there.
On the other hand in the state politics of India important parties are the national parties like Indian National Congress, Bharatiya Janta Party(B.J.P), Communist party of India (MArxist)(CPI (M))and more than one regional parties.
On the other hand, in the states' politics of India the national political parties like the National Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), The Communist Party of India (Marxist)(CPIM) etc and a number of other regional parties has been in the prominence.
.
Like - Quake 4 of Id Software.
Example - Quake 4 of ID software.
For example - Quake 4 of by ID software
In 1998 under the leadership of BJP a National Democratic Alliance came to the powers.
In 1998, the BJP formed the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) with several other parties
In 1998 National Democratic Alliance (NDA) led by BJP came in power.
In 1998, National Democratic Alliance (NDA) led by BJP captured the power.
This religion was spread by the Arabian religious and political leader Muhammad in the 7th century.
in 7th century AD, Muhammad (S) , a political and spiritual leader of Arab, introduced this religion.
On seventh century A.D Arabian religious and other political popularize the thought of Mohammad.
This religion was being preached by Muhammad (Shah), the religious and political leader of Arab of the 7th century AD.
India is a member of the Commonwealth nations; it is also the founder member of the Non- aligned movement.
India, a member of Commonwealth, is also the founder member of Non-Aligned Movement.
India is the member of commonwealth and also a founding member of non-alignment movement.
India is a member of commonwealth and is also a founder member of Non-Alignment movement.
Though this religion began in Arab most of the Muslims
Though it was formed in Arab but most of the Muslims are
Though this religions is originated from Arab, most of the Muslims
In Arab though this religion is not that dominant as before but most are muslims.
India sent almost 55,000 soldiers and police to four continents in peace keeping mission of the United Nations.
India have given about 55,000 army and police in the 35 peace movement for the four continents.
India sent around 55,000 army and police personnel to four continents for 35 peacekeeping operations of United Nations.
India has sent around 55,000 soldiers and polices to the 4 continents in 35 peace keeping missions of the UN.
It is mentioned in the the Quaran about the contents with a few differences of these two religions and their sacred books.
The different incidents and aspects of the holy books of these two religions are also noted in Quran but there is differences in many cases as well.
.Various incidents and subjects in the books of these two religions are also mentioned in the Quran, but with differences on many matters.
Various events and matters of the books of these two religions are found in the Quran though differences are noticed in some cases.
AFTER CONDUCTION SIX SUCCESSFUL EXPERIMENTS OF NUCLEAR WAREFARE BY EXPLOSION, NAMED ""LAUGHING BUDDHA"" AND ""POKHRAN-II"", INDIA EMERGED AS POWERFULL NUCLEAR POWER.
A total of six preliminary nuclear tests conducted in 1974 namely the smiling Buddha and in 1998 namely Pokhran-2 transformed India into a nuclear enabled nation.
.
India became a nuclear power country with the help of two nuclear tests, Smiling Buddha in 1974 and Pokhran 2 in 1998.
Surfacely the word Allaha came from the word ""Illah"".
The term Allāh is derived from a contraction of the Arabic definite article al- ""the"" and ʼilāh ""deity.
Originally the word Allah has come from the word ""Illah"".
Originally the word ""Allah"" came from the word ""Illah"".
After that this structure was unchanged.
This structure has remained unchanged since then.
This structure has remained unchanged from that time.
This structure remained almost unchanged thereafter.
sometimes ""kuraan"" in some places can also be seen to be written as ""koran""
Quran is also written with alternative spelling as ""QuorAan"" or ""Quoran""
Koraan' or 'Koran' in place of 'Quran' which result from change of spelling are also found.
.In place of Qu'ran,due to spelling difference,it is also written as Kuran or Koorun.
Due to the movement of plates in the sea located on the southern foot of growing Himalayas an enormous ditch was formed and eventually by the depositions of silt by the rivers the Gangetic Plain was formed.
To the southern part of the raising Himalayan mountains a large ridge was formed due to the movements of the tectonic plates and gradually due to the action of the alluvial deposit of the river formed the Gangetic Planes.
In the seabed immediately south of the emerging Himalayas, plate movement created a vast trough, which, having gradually been filled with river-borne sediment, ultimately forms the Gangetic plain.
A very large trough is formed because of plate movement in the seabed situated in the south of the emerging Himalayas and with time it developed in Indo-Gangetic Plain by filled up with river borne sediment.
Muhammad (Shah) was a religious and political leader of Arab.
Muhammad was an religional and political leader of arab.
Muhammad(Shah) was again a relegious and political leader.
Muhammad was a religious and political leader of Arab.
India's coast is 7,517 kilometres (4,671 mi) long
The total length of the Indian coast lines is 7,517 kilometers (4,671 miles).
India's coast line length is 7517 kilometer (4671 miles).
Length of Indian coastal line is 7,517 Kilometer (4,671 miles).
one sanvi peace is the important part of that papers which is the publisher and umumi titles displays directly and it has nothing which comes directly
The following Ayat is discussed as the examples of making mistake by Muhammad or doing works that displease Allah:
Be it cultural or religious, it gives everyone an opportunity to enjoy and embrace ones roots.
These rivers also drain into the Bay of Bengal;
This rivers have fallen on Bay of Bengal.
These river also opens into the Bay of Bengal.
These rivers drain into the Bay of Bengal.
Main reason of rainy season in India is the wind that come in between June and October.
This wind arrives between June and October and is the main cause of rainfall in India.
The main reason for rainy season in India is the entering of this wind in between June to October.
this is the main reason behind the rainfall in India during june to october .
There are various measures to justify the originality of hadith.
There is different units to read the genuineness of Hadis.
there are various yardsticks for judging the purity of Hades.
In order to see the pureness of Hadis there are many processes.
Scripture
religious book
religious text
Religious books
Like Shola evergreen forest of Western Ghats mountains, plenty of endemic plants can be seen in different regions of India.
Like the soft-wood rain forest of the Western Ghat mountains, plenty of common vegetation can be seen in many regions of India.
Bengali Food enlists delicious rice main courses, curries, fish dishes, chicken cuisines, pulses, fries, cutneys, Bengali sweets,
Normal trees can be seen in many parts of India like the Sola jungle in the Western Hills.
Islamic online
Online Islam
Islam online
Islam Online
However, many endemic Indian species are extinct because of volcanism and climatic changes in last 2 crore years.
Though due to volcano and due to other natural changes in the last 2 crore years many country tribes got erased.
Though, due to the volcanic activities and other climatic changes a huge number of native species had been obliterated during the last 20 million years.
Though due to volcanic eruptions and other climatic changes, many of the local species became extinct in the last two crores of years.
Along with this 13 biospheres are also protected in the country
In addition to this 13 biosphere reserves are also there in India.
With this in India 13 more biological preservation are also made.
Additionally, 13 biological fields were preserved in country.
it is a reproductive organ and also acts as an entry organ.
This is a sex organ which acts as an penetrating organ as well.
This is a reproductive organ too which acts as a penetrating organ.
It is a reproductive organ as well which functions as an intro-mitten organ.
The deficit in the budget of the state and the country decreases.
The shortage in central and state budget reduces.
Money for different state and central budget become sufficient.
The deficiency in the central and state budget came down
It is the simple subset of Standard General Markup Language (SGML).
sgml
It is a subset of Standard General Markup Language(SGML)
This is simple subset of Standard General Markup Language.
<student id=""1"">
<Student Id=""1"">
<student id=""1"">
<Student ID=""1"">
</Student id=""2"">
<student id=""2"">
<Student Id=""2"">
<Student ID=""2"">
The major agricultural products are rice, wheat, oilseed, cotton, jute, tea, sugarcane and potatoes.
Main agricultural crops are paddy, wheat, oilseeds, cotton, jute, tea, sugarcane and potato.
Major agricultural products include rice, wheat, oilseed, cotton, jute, tea, sugarcane and potatoes
primary agricultural products are paddy,wheat,oilseeds,cotton,jute,tea,sugarcane and potato
</Sherni>
</Class>
Class
</class>
In the recent years, many Indian educated English known trained professionals are appointed in multinational companies, medical tourism and outsourcing jobs.
In the recent times a huge number of trained, educated and English known professionals are working in several multinational organizations, medical tourism and outsourcing agencies.
Recently, lots of educated, trained Indian professionals, proficient in English, joined in various multinational corporation, medical tourism and outsourcing.
In recent times, a large number of educated, fluent in English and trained professionals have got appointed in multinational organizations, medical tourism and outsourcing jobs.
Up to 2009 the total population of the country was 116 crore.
Until July 2009 the population of this country is about 116 crore.
Till July 2009 the population of the country was approximately 116 crores.
From the information received till July, 2009 the approximate population of India was 116 crores.
Like: ID=""1"".
For example: Id = ""1"".
Like: ID=""1""
For example, ID=""1""
The capital of Australia is Canberra.
The capital of Australia is Canberra.
Canberra is the capital city of Australia.
Canberra is the capital city of Australia.
Either those are common or classic language.
They are either classical languages or common or widely spoken languages.
These are used in different region of india.
Eiter these are contemporary or classical languages.
The median is 24.9 years
Average middle age is 24.9 years.
The average age of the people is 24.9 years.
Average middle age is 24.9.
The Tajmahal and other Mughal architectures along with the Drividian architectures have an assembly of ancient and local traditions of central India and of regions out side of India.
Tajmahal and other Mughal architectures and the Dravid architectures reflect the union of the heritages from different place in and outside India.
In the architecture of Tajmahal and other Mughal architectural elements and in that of Dravidian chitectural examples we can easily discover the assemblage of the traditions of local area and of different regions both within and outside India.
A combination of ancient and local traditions of India and foreign can be noticed in Taj Mahal and other Mughal architectures and South Indian architectures.
These dancing styles are narrative and mythological elements dependant.
These dance forms are descriptive and based on mythological stories.
These dance styles are descriptive and mythological incident based.
These dance forms are descriptive and based on incidents from Puran
the notable of these are veds, holy books ramayan and mahabharat,plays like abhigyan shakuntalam etc. the sanskrit creations and sangam itihas in tamil
Among these important ones are the Sanskrit classics Veda, Indian epics of Ramayan and Mahabharat, Abhigyanshakuntalam, the play etc. and Sangam Sahityam in Tamil.
From these works of Sanskrit literature, the Vedas, the epics Mahabharata and Ramayana, the drama Abhijnanasakuntalam, and poetry, Mahakavya and Sangam literature in Tamil are mentionable.
The notable among these were: Vedas (Wisdom), the great Indian epics the 'Ramayana' (life story of the ancient king Ram) and the 'Mahabharata' (The Great India), the play 'Abhijnana Shakuntalam' (tales of the ancient princes Shakuntala) etc are the traditional literary creations in the Sanskrit language and the Sangam Literature in the Tamil language.
Deepavali, Ganesh Chaturthi, Ugadi, Pongol, Dol Yatra (festival of color), Onam, Dussera, Durga Puja, Id-ul-Fitr, Id-ud-Joha, the Chrismas Day, Buddha Birth Anniversary, Baishakhi etc are some of the most popular festivals.
Deepavali, Ganesh Chaturthi, Upadi, Pongal, Doljatra, Onam, Dushera, Durgapuja, Idul Fitre, Idul Ajha, Christmas, Buddha Jayanti, Baishakhi etc. are some of the popular festivals.
Some famous festivals are Dewali, Ganesh Chaturthi, Ugadi, Pongal, Dol jatra, dashera, Durga Puja, Idul Fitr, Idul Joha, X-mass, Budhdha Jayanti, Vaishakhi etc.
Deepawali, Ganesh Chaturti, Ugadi, Pongal, Onam, Dussehera, Durga Puja, Id-Ul-Fitr, Id-Ul Ajha, Christmas Day, Buddha Jayanti, Baisakhi etc are few renowned festivals.
The first inhabitants of Australia were the tribal people of the land.
in this book under the zaman of zikr syed ahamd khan said his interest and his faith in gaalib he described
The first ancient of here are the first residence of this places.
The first inhabitants in Australia was the aborigines.
.For that reason the percentage of divorce rate is very low in this country.
So the rate of divorce is also very low here.
So the rate of divorce is very low in this country.
So that the rate of divorce in this country is considerably low.
Foreign Affairs and Commerce Department of Australia
Foreign related matter and business class of Australia.
Foreign affairs and commerce department about Australia.
Matter of abroad and department of business related to Australia.
The Indian mathematician Srinibas Ramanuj is considered to be the greatest mathematician of all time.
Indian mathematician Srinibas Ramanujan is considered to be one of the all time greatest mathematicians.
Indian mathematician Srinivas Ramanujan is regarded as the best of all mathematicians of all ages.
INDIAN MATHEMATICIAN ""SRINIVAS RAMANUJAN"" WAS KNOWN AS GREATEST OF THE GREAT MATHAMETICIANS IN THE WORLD.
The French language is a Romans language which is mainly used in the continent of Europe, precisely, in France, Italy, Switzerland and some other neighboring countries.
.French language(in French language:Fracais:[fRa'se]) is a Roman language which is mainly used in the continent of Europe,particularly France,Italy,Switzerland and few other neighboring countries.
French (Français, International Phonetic Alphabet: [fʁɑ̃sɛ]) is a Romance language mainly spoken in Europe, especially in France, Italy, Switzerland and in some neighbor countries.
India is much advanced in housing and infrastructure sector with the help of the companies like Larsen & Toubro, DFL etc.
Larsen and Turbo, DFL- for companies like this India is also doing an mentionable development on place of living and structurally in industries.
Larsen & Toubro, DFL etc these companies are very much advanced in construction industry.
Then Celtic Gauls were the inhabitants of Gaul.
that the Celts were the residents of gaul
At that time the Cletis Gols were the inhabitants of the Gol state.
At that time the Keltio Gal tribe was the primitive of the Gal state.
IN THE YEAR 1975, INDIAN MEN'S HOCKEY TEAM WON THE HOCKEY WORLD CUP AND OLYMPIC MEDALS A LOT OF TIME.
The Indian hockey team won the men's world-cup on 1975 and won multiple medals in the Olympic.
The Indian Hockey team won the world cup in 1975 and has won more than one Olympic medal
In 1975 Indian men hockey team won the Hockey World Cup and winner of many Olympic medal.
Other than this India was the organizer of Cricket World Cup on 1987 and 1996, India is also the organizer of the Cricket World Cup 2011.
Apart from that India was the co-organizing country of 1987 and 1996 World Cup Cricket; India is a co-organizer of the 2011 World Cup Cricket.
Apart from this India co-hosted 1987 and 1996 world cup cricket and will be the co-host of 2011 world cup cricket
Besides, India was co-organizer of cricket world cup in 1987 and 1996; India is also co-organizer of cricket world cup in 2011.
Gols were the unorganized society of the some sporadic sects, for this reason the Romans could easily win over Gol.
The Gaul were an unorganized union of discrete groups, therefore the victory of Gaul was easier to the Romans.
The Gauls were an unorganized cooperative of isolated groups; that why it was easy for Romans to invade Gaul.
.The Galls were the combination of some disorganized scattered groups,so it was easier for the Roman to win the Galls.
Plant and tree
Plants and animals
Plants and Animals
Plant and animal
Among these dialects the dialect of Paris due to the its political significance of being the Capital of France, slowly emerged as the national language.
Among them the sub language of Paris due to political respect in the capital becomes the national language.
with this bad condition of tasawuf ulma said that as possible be far from it
Due to political supremacy the dialect of Paris among them gradually became the national language.
Subject Class: G15 Countries
Category: G 15 countries.
Subject: G 15 State
Subject-class: G5 state
3.middle age french(1400-1500a.d):during this time french pronunciation and grammar got changed(revolutionalized)
business groups,through internet exchange units will do and investigate it they have their own respect
Presently blog become a popular medium of news.
except that in recent time blogges are growing as a media of journalism
other than this blog became a medium for freelance communication.
.6.Contemporary modern France(19th century-present):The ideal pronunciation style of modern French language is settled at this level,primarily during the middle period of 1789 and 1918.
The term ""weblog"" was first used by Jorn Barger on 17 December 1997.
The word ""Weblog"" was used by Jome Burger on 17th December, 1997 for the first time.
The term ""weblog"" was coined by Jorn Barger on 17 December 1997.
the word blog was first used by Jorn Barger on 17 December 1997.
i.e-une voiture blanche""a white car""---in these example noun volture singular number and female gender,for that,subordinate une and adjective blanche are converted into singular number and female gender.
For example -une voiture blanche ""a white car"" --in this example, because the noun 'voiture' is singular and feminine gender, the determiner 'une' and also adjective 'blache' took the singular and feminine gender form.
Like - une voiture blanche, ""a white car""-- in this example, as the noun 'voiture' is a singular number and feminine gender, therefore the definite article 'une' and the adjective 'blanche' has also transformed into singular number feminine gender.
Like, une voiture blanche “A white car” – in this example the noun “voiture” is singular number and feminine gender and so the article “une” and adjective “blanche” is also taken the form singular number and feminine gender.
Scripting News of Dev Winner is also famous as the oldest and the longest running weblog.
Dave Winer's Scripting News is also recognized as the oldest and longest running weblogs.
dave une's scripting news is also one of the old and popular webblog.
The Scripting News of Dave Winner has also the reputation of being the oldest and the longest run weblog.
In 1999 and after that the usage of Blog started to be increased.
From 1999 and after that the blogging continued to increase.
Blogging had started to increase rapidly since 1999 and there after.
Use of blog started increasing from 1999 and later years.
Here a person places his personal opinion on any certain subject in the form of a post and exchanges the opinions of the readers in this matter.
Here, a person gives his opinion on a particular subject and exchanges his opinion on this subject with the readers.
here posts are based on personal subject on which discussions are held with the users
Here the blogger posts his comment on any subject and exchange his opinions with his readers.
On 600 B.C. in the Southern Germany the Highly German dialect made the Second Consonantal Sound Shift.
In 600 AD in south Germany the prevalent High German dialects witnessed Second Consonantal Sound Shift.
The Second Consonantal Sound Shift occurred in the High German Dialects which were being used in the South Germany during 600 AD.
The verbs have four moods: indicative, imperative, subjunctive and conditional.
There are four moods of verb: Indicative, Imperative, Subjunctive and Conditional.
The verb has got four moods: indicative, imperative, subjunctive and conditional.
The verbs have four moods: indicative mood, imperative mood, subjunctive mood and conditional mood.
As per the numbers of native people, English is just after the Mandarin, Hindi and Spanish languages.
According to the number of native speakers, English ranks third after mandarin, Hindi and Spanish.
According to the number of mother language English will come after Mayandarin, Hindi and Spain.
English is placed just after the Mandarin, Hindi, and Spain
information link
Sources
References
Information
Wikipedia: English word is written in Bengali word.
Wikipedia: Transliteration of English words in Bengali language
Wikipedia: Bengali translation of English word
Wikimedia: Conversion form bengali language to English
Category: French culture
Topics: French Culture
Subject: French Culture
In his famous 'Invisible hand' philosophy he argued that competitive markets move towards increasing social profit margin though it moves towards decreasing profit.
Equality of status and of opportunity are accepted in the preamble.
Equal respect and equal chance policy is been recognized in the preamble.
In the preface, the principal of equal dignity and equal opportunity has been recognized.
Equal Opportunity and Equal honor also reflected in preamble.
Together with this it is also entered in vagina and penis.
This can be inserted in the vagina as well as in the anus.
It can be inserted into the vagina and anus together.
At a time this can be enter in vagina and anus.
This rubbing can be done with the index or the middle finger.
To create this friction there is a need of middle finger.
this rubbing may be by middle finger or little finger
This rubbing can be done by her index or middle finger.
Females generally satisfy their sexual stimulation by rubbing the clitoris inside their vagina by their fingers.
Women generally stimulate salacity by rubbing their clitoris with fingers.
Women usually mitigate their sexual urge through shaking their clitoris inside the vagina with their fingers.
women primarily use their fingers by inserting it inside their vaginal opening and moving it to sexually arouse themselves.
e. haivi and j. bekar experimented that the frequency of hand sex is also decided by the culture of that region
E. Hybe and J. Bekar experimentally seen that the culture of a place also helps in sex.
E. Heiby and J. Becker examined and found that culture of any place influences the rate of Masturbation.
E. Hybe and J. Becker has seen through researches that the rate of masturbation of a region depends on the cultural background of that place too.
Apart from that in the European Union countries by observing the received data of child pregnancy and sexual transmitted diseases and to control that, this program was introduced, and this has been termed as a good habit.
Apart from that this action was taken in response to the received data on teen pregnancy and sex transmitted disease from the European Union member states and to reduce the same it was mentioned as healthy habits.
Besides, in the countries of the European Union by observing the rates of child pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases, this project is taken to reduce this rate and this is described as a good habit.
A clay sculpture depicting the scene of a masturbating woman has been found from a place adjacent to a temple in the island of Malta which was built approximately during 4th century BC.
A fourth century made clay sculpture was found from a temple site on the island of Malta which depicts a woman masturbating.
in malta island a terracotta picture of a lady involving handsex is excavated from a temple sort of building that is related to 400 b.c.
In a terracotta sculpture found near a temple at Malta island made in fourth century BCE a masturbating female can be seen.
Read more
Read more
Read more
Further reading
In case of Programming languages,before Java, when a program was written for one operating system, it could not be run in another operating system.
Pre-Java programming languages were usually written for a specific operating system and were not compatible with any other operating system.
In pre-Java programming language, programming language is written for a particular operating system which was not running in other operating systems.
In the programing languages prior to Java it was not usually possible to run a program for one operating system in another operating system.
By compiling written code in java does not turn into machine code directly.
In Java the written code do not directly compile into machine code.
Code written Jave is not directly converted to machine code.
Codes written in Java don't compile directly into machine codes.
It should be mentioned here that Ere and String are not the common/primitive data type, they are are reference date type and they can be downloaded from java.lang.Object.
Notable, ere and String are not private data type, these are reference data type and are taken from java.lang.object.
Ordinary string/primitive is not a data type, they are called as a reference data type and they are brought from java.lang,Object.
It is to note that, Array and String are not primitive data type, they are reference data type and they are imported from java.lang.Object.
And the life on this planet took place on just one billion year before.
And the life came to this planet during any time before 1 billion years.
.
And life appeared on its surface and was created within a billion years.
Program on Geo-magnet by USGS
The program on the geomagnetism of USGS.
Geomagnetism related program of USGS
USGS program on Geo-magnetism
His poetry and music reflect this attitude.
This attitude is reflected through his poems and songs.
In his poems and songs this ideas has only flashed.
This sentiment was reflected in his poems and songs.
Published poems like “Bidrohi” ( The Rebellious) and “Bhangar Gan” (The song of Destruction); the periodical like “Dhumketu” (The Comet) .
His revolt and poetry like a broken son all are temporary like comet.
He published revolutionary poems and poems like breaking songs; and wrote periodics like comets.
He published poetic works like 'Bidrohee' & 'Bhangar Gaan' and magazine like 'Dhumketu'
In middle age he was attacked by peaks disease.
In middle age, he suffered from Pick’s disease.
At the middle age he Nazrul diagnosed with Pick's disease.
In the middle-age he was attacked with Pix disease.
.He is the sixth son of Zaheda Khatun,who was the second wife of his grand father's son Kazi Fakir Ahmed.
.
He was the jestho son of Jaheda Khatuni ehose husband was Fakir Ahmed who was the son of Kaji Aminullaho.
He was the sixth child of Jaheda Khatun, the second wife of Kaji Fakir Ahmed who was the son of his grandfather Kaji Amin Ullah.
due to this he came closer to the islamic rituals and culture which later influenced his literary work.
It was through works like these he got the opportunity of becoming accustomed to the religious practices of Islam which influenced the literary works of his in future a great deal.
With this work he got a chance to interact closely with different Islamic customs and festivals at a very young age which influenced his literacy works in later life.
Through these works he got the opportunity to be closely acquainted with the fundamental rituals and ceremonies of the Islamic religion in his early age.
He started to study in Bengali and Sanskrit literature in the light of his own experiences.
He started studying Sanskrit and Bengali literacy in the light of work and on his own experience.
With his work vision and experience he started learning Bengali Literature and culture.
With his own work and experience he showed a light to Bengal about art and literature and started his studies.
Kumud Ranjan Mallick was the then principal of Mathrun School who was also a famous poet of that time.
Kumud Ranjan Mallick was the then head master of Mathrun School who was also a famous poet of that time.
During that period Kumudranjan Mallik, a well known poet of that time,was the headmaster of Mathrun school.
The then poet Kumudranjan Mallick was the principle of that school at that time.
Again he joined in the eighth class of Raniganj Searsole Raj School in 1915.
IN THE YEAR 1915,HE AGAI CAME BACK TO ""SIARSOL SCHOOL"" RANIGANJ AND GOT RE-ADMITTED THERE IN THE EIGHTH STANDARD.
In 1915 he again went back to Searsole Raj School in Raniganj and starts studying from class eight.
In 1915, he went back to Searsole Raj School in Ranigunj and started studying in class VIII there.
He was in the Army from the end of 1917 till March-April of 1920, means, almost two and a half years.
He was in army from the end of 1917 to the middle of 1920.
He was in the army from end of 1917 to March-April 1920, around two and a half years.
He was in the army from the last phase of 1917 AD to 1920 AD of March-April, i.e. near about two years.
this time nazrool's troop had to go to iraq
At that time it was settled that Nazrul's regiment will proceed to Iraq.
Nazrul, was supposed to go to Iraq with the regiment which he belonged to.
During this time, Nazrul's regiment was to be sent for Iraq.
These writings were particularly praised in literature.
These writings are greatly praised in literary circle.
These writings were highly appreciated in the fields of literature.
These writings are much appreciated in literacy society.
Nazrul started his profession as a regular journalist through this newspaper.
Nazrul started his regular journalistic work through this magazine only
It was the magazine through which Nazrul started regular journalism.
With the help of this paper only Najrul started his daily journakism.
The song was: 'Bajao Prabhu Bajao Ghana""
the song was ""bajao prabhu bajao ghan""
The song was: ""Bajao provu bajao ghono"".
The song was, 'Bajao prabhu bajao ghano'.
At that time non-cooperation movement throughout the country created a great enthusiasm.
On that time the non-cooperation movement was taking place in the whole country.
At that the non-cooperation movement moved the whole country to a great extent.
That time Non-co operation movement creates a huge excitement in the whole country.
turn and look, ye! the residents of the city.""
Look back oh! burgher"".
Spare me a look you people of the city"".
Go back dear countrymen.
This message remained written at the top of the first page.
This message used to be written on top of the first page of this magazine.
This message would be superscribed at the top of the first page of the magazine.
.This message remained at the top of the first page.
Nazrul was taken to Alipur central jail.
Nejrul has been taken to alipore central jail.
Nazrul was taken to Alipur central zail.
Nazrul was taken to Alipore Central Jail.
But it did not hold good for him.
But his condition not improved that much.
But his condition did not improve by this.
But he did not feel better after this treatment.
After that in 1953, during the month of May, Nazrul and his wife Pramila Devi were sent to London for better treatment.
After that in 1953 of May, Nazrul and Pamila Devi were sent to London for treatment.
after this,in the month of may,1953b.c nazrul and prameladevi were sent to london for treatment.
Thereafter in May 1953 Nazrul and Promila Devi were sent to London for medical treatment.
In the London Clinic of London, the Air Encephalographic X-ray was conducted on the poet.
A x-ray known as Air Encephalography of the poet was done in London Clinic situated in London.
The poet's Air Encephalography x-ray was done in the London Clinic situated in London.
For his treatment Air Encephalography X-ray was done in London Clinic,London.
This doctor was the student of the Nobel Prize winner, Doctor Julius Wagner-Jauregg.
This doctor was one of the best students of the Nobel winner doctor Julius Wagner-Jauregg.
THIS DOCTOR WAS STUDENT OF NOBEL PRIZE WINNING DOCTOR ""WEGNER-ZAUREG"".
This doctor was student of Nobel winner Dr Julious Wegnar.
Najrul's companions to Europe started for the country from Rome on December 14, 1953.
Everybody who went to Europe with Nazrul left for India from Rome on 14 December 1953.
On 14 December year 153 Everyone who went to Europe with Najrul started their journey from Rome to their country.
Those who went to Europe with Nazrul, all of them started for India on 14th December, 1953 from Rome.
these ""ekushey(21) award"" in Bangladesh is considered to be the most prestigious award.
21st award is a honorable award in Bangladesh.
The ""Ekushe Padak"" is considered to be the most prestigious award of Bangladesh
‘Ekushey Padak’ is the highest award of Bangladesh.
After the prayer was over, President Sayem, Major General Jiyayur Rahaman, Rear Admiral MH Khan, Air Vice Marshal AG Mahmood,Major General Dastigir took the Coffin of ""Nazrul"" which was wrapped by national flag, from ""Maidan"" to University Mosk campus.
After the realization of the janaza-namaz President Shayem, Mojor General Ziaur Rahman, Real Admiral M.H Khan, Air Vice Marshal A.G. Mahmud, Major General Dastagir etc had carried the dead body of Nazrul, covered with the national flag of Bangladesh, to the University Masjid yard from Sohrawardi Maidan.
After the funeral prayer, the national flag wrapped Nazrul's body was taken to the mosque ground of the university from Suhrawardy ground by President Sayem, Major General Ziaur Rahman, Rear Admiral M. H. Khan and Air vice Marshal A.G.Mahmud, Major General Dastgir etc.
In this Nzrul's view on unreality of Khilafat movement by Indian Muslim and his consciousness on international history, can be found.
Narul's point of view about the effectivenes of the Khilafat revolution of Indian Muslims and his feelings about concurrent international history can be learnt from this.
Nazrul’s view on the meaninglessness of Khilafat Movement by Indian Muslims and the historic sense of the contemporary world can be seen here.
On 1919 it was published in a magazine called Swagat.
It published in May,Year 1919 in Shwagat magazine .
It was published in the Sowgat in 1919
In May 1919 it was published in 'Sawgath' magazine.
From here itself growth of political consciousness starts in Nazrul.
From here, therefore, the development of political thoughts of Nazrul was started.
From here development of Nazrul's political concious began.
So Nazrul's political career started from here itself.
Nazrul did not believe in the objectives of these two movements.
Najrul did not believed in the principle of this two movements.
Nazrul did not have faith on these two movements.
Najrul did not believed in the theme of this two revolution because many of the muslims use to think the leader of the Turks who is also an muslims as the Khilafa of the Muslims.
And for this position of him the most credit was of Kamal Pasar.
And for his that position, the most influential person was Kamal Pasha.
And Kamal Pasha had the biggest role behind this sort of idealism in Nazrul.
Kamal Pasha was the most influential behind his such stand.
involvement in politics was reduced by Najrul after he started to express every thing in the form of literature.
After that, though the revelation of his political thought through literacy was unchanged political activity was reduced.
after this instead of of his involvement in politics through literature but his direct involvement decreases.
After that his active participation in the politics were reduced though his political thoughts had an outlet through his literature.
Kaji Nazrul Islam-Banglapedia
Kazi Nazrul Islam- Banglapedia
Kazi Nazrul Islam - Banglapedia
Kazi Nazrul Islam - banglapedia
Subject: Bengali Film Actor/Actress
Subject category: Bengali film actor
Subject: Bengali film actor
Subject category: Bengali Film Actress
Various programming systems developed addition is Time-shareing system.
An extended feature of multitasking system is time-sharing system.
Multi programmable function can be expanded in the form as time sharing arrangement.
Time sharing system is extended version of multiprogramming system .
Process arrangement means to make a process, to erase a process, how the process can interfere with each other and how can work together, giving its mechanism, etc.
Process management means creating process, deleting process, providing mechanism to process to interact and coordinate with each other etc.
Parces system means to create parces, to delete parces, to how to add the parces together so to maintain the time, to provide their machinism etc. all this things.
Process management means creates process, mops process, how to communicate each others and works in harmony, confers its mechanism, etc.
take to him
Distribution System
Distribution system.
Distribution system
In the multimedia system, most of the works done are related to communication based on multimedia.
In multimedia system, the process related to the collecting of multimedia data is much higher.
In multimedia system there is more work to do.
In multimedia system the multimedia data related work is more.
The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is one of the most important protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite.
Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is an important protocol of the internet protocol suit.
Transmission Control Portal (TCP) is an important protocol in the Internet Protocol Suite.
transmission control protocol is one of the important protocol used for internet
In the somber night of 25th March the Pakistani Army had killed several number of common people, students, teachers, intellectuals, police persons.
On the black night of 25th March Pakistani army killed uncountable number of common people, students, teachers, intellectuals and polices.
In Dhaka on a dark night of 25th March,the Pakistani army killed many civilians, students, teachers,police and intellectuals.
The black night of 25 March Pakistani army killed many citizen, student, teacher, intelligentsia and armed police in Dhaka.
On 16th December 93000 Pakistani soldiers surrendered officially in the Race Course Maidan of Dhaka.
On 16 December Pakistan with 93000 soldiers officially surrendered at Race course ground in Dhaka.
Pakistan officially surrendered with 93,000 soldiers on December 16 at Racecourse ground of Dhaka.
on 16th december 93000 pakistani army surrendered at racecourse ground.
The History of Dilapidation of the East Pakistan
The declining history of the Eastern Pakistan
History of East Pakistan's infelicity
Pathetic history of west pakistan begins.
In this day Salem, Barket, Rafik, Jabbar all are died in police firing.
That day a number of people including Salam, Barquat, Rafiq, Jabbar had their lives in police firing.
On this day Salman, Barkat, Rafik, Jabaar and many others gave their lives in the bullets of police.
On this day lots of people died including Salam, Barkat, Rafik, Jabbar in police firing.
Political inequalities
Political inequality
Political differences
Political Imbalance.
The party won in 167 seats out of total 169 seats from the East Pakistan and thus secured the single absolute majority in the National Council of 313 seats of Pakistan which empowered the Awami League to form the national government.
The party won by 167 seats out of 169 seats of East Pakistan and got majority in the National Assembly made with 313 seats which gives the power to the Awami League to form the government.
The party won in 167 seats out of total 169 seats and got majority in the Jatiyo Parishad having 313 seats that gave Awami League the right to form government.
.The party won 167 seats out of 169 seats in East Pakistan and got the majority in the national assembly comprising 313 seats,which gave the Awami League the right to form the government.
Marshal Law is to be withdrawn immediately.
The martial law has to withdraw immediately.
The martial law has to be withdrawn in no time.
Marcel will be released recently.
.Those who survived after the cyclone died due to shortage of food and water.
Those who survived the cyclone died due to want of water and food.
the people who survived in the cyclone lost their lives without food and water.
Those who survived in the cyclone died of lack of food and drinking water.
The whole country burst into agitation.
Protest explodes in whole country.
The agitation was burst into the whole nation.
Agitations exploded throughout the country.
A ship named MV Soyat filled with weapons and arms came to the port of Chittagong.
A PAKISTANI WARSHIP NAMED ""MV SOWAT"" ENTERED ""CHITTAGAON"" PORT FULL OF ARMS AND AMMUNATION.
Ammunition and soldiers loaded a ship of the Pakistani Navy named MV Swat which was harboured in Chittagong Port
M.V. Swat, a Pakistani ship had anchored in the Chattagram port with full of arms and ammunition.
To prevent this news to spread throughout the whole world, all the foreign journalists were driven out of Bangladesh well before 25th March.
All the foreign journalists were sent out of Dacca before 25th March, so that the news of these killings does not reach other countries of the world.
All foreign journalists were moved out from Dhaka so that the news of this genocide could not reach other countries of the world.
So that, no news of this indiscriminate murders spreads out of the Bangladesh, all the foreign journalists were asked to leave Bangladesh before 25th of March
2nd August, 1971 according to the initial report of the TIME, ""Hindu, the three-fourth of the refugee, was carrying the revenge and anger of the Pakistani soldier"".
.According to a report published in the Time magazine,""Hindus,who were three fourth of the total refugees,were subjected to anger and wrath of the Pakistani military forces.
According to Time magazine report of 2 August 1971, ""The Hindus, who account for three-fourths of the refugees, have borne the brunt of the Pakistani military hatred.""
ACCORDING TO THE PUBLICAGTION OF TIMES DAILY ON 2ND AUGUST 1971,HINDUS WHO WERE THE 3/4TH OF THE TOTAL REFUGEE POPULATION, WAS CARRYING THE HATRED AND VENGEANCE OF THE PAKISTANI FORCES.
Later on 27th March Pakistani army Bengali officer Major Jiyaur Rahoman re-announced about the independence on Mujib's side from Kalur Ghat in Chittagong.
Later on 27th March the Bengali officer of the Pakistani Army Major Ziaur Rahman read out the declaration of independence from Kalurghat Radio Station of Chattogram once again on behalf of Seikh Mujibur Rahman.
.
.Later on the declaration of independence was again read by the Bengali officer of the Pakistan army Major Ziaur Rahman on 27th March from the Kalurghat radio station of Chittagong.
Formation of the temporary government
Formation of Temporary Government.
Formation of Tentative Government
temporary government.
But the members of Bangladesh armed forces and students and common people created strong resistance against them.
but the freedom fighters, students and common people protested against this strongly.
But Bangladeshi military, common people and student of Bangladesh created a strong revolt and barrier against them.
But the military forces and students and common people of Bangladesh had developed a tough resistance against them.
Eleven sectors
11 Sectors
Eleven sectors
Eleven sector.
Besides, more than 1,00,000 freedom fighters were given guerila warfare training and were regularly sent on various operations within the country .
Other than this almost 1,00,000 Mukti Jodhha took commando training .
apart from this approximately 1,00,000 Mukti warriors after being trained in guerrilla tactics were sent to different parts of the country for various operations.
Other than that gorilla training were given to almost 1,00,000 independent soldier and were sent to various part of the world with various operations.
From another side wiki meaning is a software which will work by the help of different people.
In other words, 'Wiki' is such a software that functions through the collaboration of many people.
In another way, wiki means software which works with the help of different people.
In other words the word Wiki means such a software which work with the help of different peoples.
Beside of that Gerri la force's attacked also became stronger.
The capital of West Bengal, Calcutta, renamed
At the same time the attacks of the Gorilla forces were also became severer.
sidewise the gurilla forces attacked more frequently.
Total 32 war air crafts were taken part in this attack.
Total 32 fighter planes took part in this attack.
Total 32 fighter planes took part in this attack.
in total 32 fighterplanes took part in this attack
the commo0n people of bangladesh also came out to help the freedom fighters.
THE WHOLE POPULATION OF BANGLADESH WAS IN SUPPORT OF UNITED LIBERATION FORCE OF BANGLADESH AND INDIA.
The common people of Bangladesh had come forth with their whole-heart to support the freedom fighters.
All civilians came forward to help the liberation army.
France and Britain refrained from the voting.
France and Britain restrained from voting.
France and Britain also abstained from voting.
France and Britain restrained from voting
At eleven AM through All India Radio it was declared that India has recognized Bangladesh as a sovereign state.
.It was announced at 11 A.M. through 'All India Radio' that India has accorded recognition to Bangladesh as a sovereign country.
At 11 O'clock in the morning it was declared through the All India Radio that India had accepted Bangladesh as a sovereign state.
at 11am it was announced though the all india radio that india supported bangladesh as a independent country
December 6, 1971
December 6, 1971
December 6, 1971
December 6th, 1971
In a message on 9th December Governor Malik informed the Pakistani President that the situation was becoming sensitive.
In a message on 9th December, Governor Malik informed the president of Pakistan-- ""the situation of war is weak.
on 9th december governer malik informed pakistani president that the situation became crucial.
On December 9 Governor Malik in a message to Pakistani President informed that 'Military situation has turned grave.
This application was handed over in Dhaka to Paul Mark Henry, the representative of the United Nations.
This power was given to the leader of the National organization Paul Mark.
This invitation was handed over to Paul Mark Henry the representative of the UNO in Bangladesh.
Send a soulful wish to your near and dear ones on this holy occasion
.Major General Jakob,Chief of Staff of Indian Eastern Command reached Dhaka in the noon to finalize Pakistan's surrender document and other relevant arrangements.
The Indian Eastern Commander Chief of Staff Major General Jacob has reached to Dhaka to finalise the instruments of surrender of Pakistanis & the arrangement of the related programs.
Pritilata believed that time had come for women to take an important responsibility in the armed fight against the British.
Major General Jacob, the Chief of Staff of the Eastern Command of Indian Army reached Dhaka in the noon to finalize the surrender document and all other arrangements for the surrender of Pakistanis.
After surrendering of Pakistani army on that day seventh aircraft carrier reached in the south part of the Bay of Bengal.
The day Pakistani navy surrendered, the seventh naval fleet entered the southern end of Bay of Bengal.
On the day of surrendering of the Pakistan army the seventh Navy ship entered Bay of Bengal from South.
The 7th Navy entered the southern end of the Bay of Bengal at the very the Pakistani Army had surrendered.
.Prior to the independence,on 14 December the members of the Al-Badar,Al-Shams as directed by the Pakistan army killed about 300 intellectuals of Bangladesh - among those were teachers,doctors,engineers,artists,poets,writers,scientists-who were picked up and killed brutally.
tradition has long held that the Pāli language ,was synonymous with the ancient Magadha, language, and indeed, there are many remarkable analogies, between Pāli and an old form of Magadhi Prakrit ,known as Ardhamagadhi which is preserved in ancient Jain texts.
on 18th december on the order of pakistan forces the al-badar and al-shamas forces killed about 300 higher minds of bangladesh which includes teachers, doctors, artists, poet, scientists etc
Just before getting independence, on December 14 Razakar, Al-Badar and Al-Sams forces on the instruction Pakistani army captured and brutally killed almost 300 intellectuals in Bangladesh which included teachers, doctors, engineers, artists, poets, writers,scientists.
United States and Soviet Russia
America and Soviet Russia
America and Soviet Russia
america nad soviet russia
In order to demonstrate to China the bona fides of the United States as an ally, and in direct violation of the US Congress-imposed sanctions on Pakistan, Nixon sent military supplies to Pakistan, while also encouraging China to increase its arms supplies to Pakistan
.To proof his sincerity towards China,Nixon sent military assistance to Pakistan violating the budget, sanctioned by the U.S. congress, and side by side encouraged China to increase arms and ammunition supply to Pakistan.
To show the loyalty of United States towards China as a friend, Nixon sent military supplies to Pakistan violating US Congress approved budget on Pakistan and also encouraged China to increase the supply of arms to Pakistan.
To show his credibility to China, Nixon had sanctioned military assistance to Pakistan overlapping the sanctioned budget for Pakistan in the US Congress and at the same time encouraged China as well to increase the supplies of arms and ammunition to Pakistan.
but china helped pakistan by providing them arms-ammunation and other help.
.But China continue to help Pakistan by providing arms and other means.
But China continues to help Pakistan by supplying arms and aid.
However, China continued to help Pakistan with arms and in other ways.
Except that, in this situation, the inability of United Nations to take decision quickly in emergency situation was realized.
Besides, this also demonstrate the inability of the United Nations to take quick decisions at the moment of emergency.
Moreover in this urgent situation, it declares the inability of Leage of Nations for fast decision.
Moreover, UNO's incapability to initiate quick action in the emergencies was also came into the lights.
External links
External Communication
External communication
External links
Example:
Example:
Examples
EXAMPLE:
Dhaka Stock Exchange is governed by ""Articles of Rules and Regulations and Bylaws"" and ""Securities and Exchange Ordinance 1969"" and ""Companies Law 1994"" and ""Securities and Exchange Commission Law 1993"".
Dhaka Stock Exchange is ruled by ""Article of rules and regulation and bylaws"" and ""Act 1969 Security and Exchange"" and ""Company Act 1994"" and ""Security and Exchange commission act 1993"".
Dhaka Stock Exchange is ruled by""articles of rules and regulation and by laws"" and ""securities and exchanges ordinance 1969"" and ""companies act 1994"" and ""securities and exchanges commission act 1993"".
Dhaka Stock Exchange is governed by the following rules and regulations: 'The Articles of Rules and Regulations and Bi lodge'; 'The Securities and Exchange Ordinance, 1969'; 'The Companies Act, 1994' and 'The Securities and Exchange Commission Act, 1993'.
Subject:Share market of Asia.
Subject-class: stock market of sharebazar
special category:asia's share market
Table of content: Share Market of Asia
Taslima Nasrin(born 25 August 1962) is the much criticized and controversial feminist author.
Taslima Nasrin(born:25th August,1962) is a famous writer of Bangladesh.
Taslima Nasrin (Birth:25th August, 1962) is a very criticized lady in Bangladesh supporting female literary.
Taslima Nasrin (birth: 25th August, 1962) is a controversial feminist author of Bangladesh.
At present she lives in Sweden.
She is at present living in Switzerland.
At present she is living in Sweden.
At present is staying in Sweden.
1994-2004, exile in the West
1994-2008, exile from back
1994-2004, Exiled in the West
1994-2004, residing in western
The seas holds around 97.3% of water on the earth.
Oceans contain almost 97.3% water of the whole world.
The ocean occupies around 97.3% of water on earth.
Ocean holds approximately 97.3% water on earth.
The 80% of a human body is constituted of water.
80% of the human body is water.
80% of human body is made of water.
80% of human body is formed by water.
Running rivers bring water to the sea.
The ongoing rivers take the water down to the oceans.
The flowing rivers carry that water into the sea.
River caries that water to the ocean.
Due to heavy rain or melting of ice very strong and powerful flow of heavy flow of water may descend from high areas.
Due to heavy rain or melting of ice, the huge flow of rain come down from high lands.
Due to heavy rains or an avalanche rapid flow of water gushes down from an upper slope.
due to exceessive rain and melting of ice,water from the high level land comes down at high speed
Poem
poem
Poet
Poem
Jabo na Kano?
Why don't go?
Why I will not go?
Why will you not go?
Shorom (Shame Again), 2009
Shame, 2009
Saram (Shame), 2009
Sharam, 2009
Wrong translation and giving own explanation of Quran and Hadees made the Muslim people of Bangladesh very angry.
The wrong translation and a personal explanation of the Islamic sacred book Qur'an and Hadis, had created a resentment among the common Muslims of Bangladesh.
Wrong translation of Koran followed my Muslims and Hadis and giving his personal explanation of the same caused the dis -satisfaction among the common Muslim population of Bangladesh
Her personal explaination misinterpreting the Qur'an and Hadith which are followed by Muslims created wrath among the Bangladeshi people.
Hitler joined as a solder in First World War.
Hitler joined to World War I as a soldier.
Hitler took part as a soldier in the First World War.
Hitler joined as an army in the First World War.
But at last friend power wins.
But it ended with the victory of Allies.
But at last Mitra power got the victory.
Hitler's father Alois was an illegal child.
Father of Hitler, Alois do not have any cast (regarding society).
The father of Hitler, Alois was not a legally (in respect of society) born child.
Hitler's father Alois was not his actual father.
His father died in year 1903.
Father expired in 1903.
His father died in 1903.
Father died on 1903
Because of this she gave entrance exam of ""Academy of Fine Arts"" in Austria.
For this will he gave the entrance exam in ""Academy of Fine Arts"" on Austria.
He appeared for the admission test of the Academy of Fine Arts in Austria with this aim.
with this intension he wrote the entrance exam of austria's academy of fine arts.
Due to health reason did not got the chance to be an army.
But he did not get any chance to be a soldier.
But he could not make it because of his health.
He did not get the opportunity to become a army person because of health problem.
A dress of a corporal is a great achievement.
This is a great achievement for a corporal.
It was a big achievement for a Corporal.
This was really a big achievement for a corporal.
He was given the leadership to direct this team.
In 1920, he was given the responsibility of publicity of this party.
On 1920 he was given the responsibility of management.
In 1920, he was given the administrative responsibility of this party.
References
Information source
Information
References
Subject Category: Second World War